Timothy Sackton: Okay, so let's get started.
Timothy Sackton: So, as the sounds of battle fade.
Timothy Sackton: You look around at the scenes of carnage around you.
Timothy Sackton: you're standing at the lip of a small Canyon looking down at the camp of hot dress warriors about 3040 feet below.
Timothy Sackton: Those are small spring that trickles out of the side of the Kenyan filling a narrow people with clean water now dirtied with the blood of orcs and people a row of tents, a cooking area, the horses tethered in the distance.
Timothy Sackton: The sort of normal tetris and and.
Timothy Sackton: gear that get scattered around the camp give an echo of what used to be a sort of peaceful setup now thrown into chaos by this battle.
Timothy Sackton: In front of you on the top of the Canyon wall are the dead bodies of many orcs.
Timothy Sackton: i'm grasping but a large stone hand erupting from the ground below just starting to fade and unconscious or aquarian crude ring now shields and spear slumped at his feet.
Timothy Sackton: His battered from the fight is ash and grey face bloodied partially obscuring a red tattoo of a rising sun a similar motif with a twisted screaming face rising above the sun isn't blaze and darkness shield.
Timothy Sackton: In the Canyon below.
Timothy Sackton: Have Darren is warriors are tending to the wounded and the dad tracking the bodies of the orcs into a pile.
Timothy Sackton: From your vantage point on the top of the Canyon wallet it's hard to tell exactly what the toll.
Timothy Sackton: of hard drives troops on hard drives troops has been, but it appears that there are at least two of them who are dad.
Timothy Sackton: And you can see a tall older man and chain mail with unkempt graying hair beard and mustache dark tan skin walking among the wounded offering prayer and occasionally investing his hand on one of them for a moment seeming to bring healing and peace.
Timothy Sackton: Poverty on sophos speaking with a strong muscular women also well armed an armored he at least seems relatively unscathed and looks up at you kind of backing and signaling.
Timothy Sackton: So with that why don't we.
Timothy Sackton: quickly describe.
Timothy Sackton: How each of your what each of your characters are doing at this conclusion of the battle and then march into whatever you want to do.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kind of remember if tesla was wounded last time it looks like i've got taken a bunch of damage.
Timothy Sackton: I think everybody was wounded.
Timothy Sackton: While being the worst.
Eric Rosenbaum: think we all got hit by fire attacks.
Timothy Sackton: You pretty much all got hit by the fireball.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah so kenzo you know is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know, taking a has his kind of robe into Nick and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: walking with his staff.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Cleaning off like you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or brain bits off of his staff and just sort of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: tending to his wounds and just in general, trying to clean himself all clean himself up a little bit because he's you know splattered and like work well, and you know as like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like kind of brutally murdered like kill the budget works with his bare hands so he's just you know kind of taking stock of like his his various wounds and you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Pretty focused on that at the moment.
Eric Rosenbaum: seeker is crouched in the dust in front of this five foot wide hand thrusting up out of the earth cradling the unconscious body of the orc.
Eric Rosenbaum: and
Eric Rosenbaum: fascinated by this this new power he's kind of holding his hand up making different little gestures, with the fingers mature slowly and then perfectly mirrored by the stone hand.
Eric Rosenbaum: And stroking his beard i'm kind of looking puzzled as other hand, as it comes away with ashy char from the burnt remains of his beard braids.
Mike Sackton: lf is carefully wiping some of the blood of the orc off his Armor.
Mike Sackton: But somewhat absent minded way.
Mike Sackton: As he sort of walks out over the carnage and seems lost in a memory.
David Schwartz: So well be as soon as the immediate battle finishes takes this long careful scan the horizon in all directions for.
David Schwartz: You know dust rising of footprints or anyone else coming and, hopefully, I think I assume seeing no one just lies down exactly where he is and puts his head on his Pack, I think the xp comes over and like opens its its birdie mouth and just like licks his head.
David Schwartz: And he makes a couple of like feeble attempts to get it to go away and then just gives up.
Timothy Sackton: Though.
Timothy Sackton: Have there's concern mostly with his truth but as noticed you and kind of waved in the distance and.
Timothy Sackton: mentioned, you know motion for you to come down when you have a chance, but if there's anything you'd like to do before you go speak with him.
I.
Eric Rosenbaum: didn't do my.
Eric Rosenbaum: My hand will receive back to the earth soon, we should bind to this or I think.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Cancer wanders over to well be just to like you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If he's dead.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like you know, like what you know, he was he was the most badly wounded in the bow right so kind of just gonna wanders over.
Eric Rosenbaum: Make sure the xp doesn't like eat his face.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah just just what well be.
David Schwartz: it's tough.
David Schwartz: Because the Tongue doesn't extend very far sort of looks like his whole head goes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: into like like goes over like like sort of slightly alarmed at the xp might be eating your face and so takes a staff and kinda like pokes the X speak away is the name actually what what was the name I.
David Schwartz: did what was that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It was like.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Her backstory yeah baxter.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah so so kenzo kind of comes over like baxter it's like kind of like poking at them with it with with the with the quarter status and make sure he's not you know actually eating your face says lobby.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Which left for you on.
David Schwartz: A will be sort of shakes his head off and looks up and.
David Schwartz: i'm good i'm good.
David Schwartz: Okay.
David Schwartz: Here we go.
David Schwartz: Without looking reach back and take the coil of rope off my package just ended up still with my eyes closed like an end point to the guy who needs to be tied up okay just just give me five.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You look pretty pretty badly wounded, my friend.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: seeker I don't know if you still have.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Any any healing powers remaining but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Our friend is not looking to to well.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean, based on the odors of each of us, I would, I would say we're pretty charred.
Eric Rosenbaum: I took a little burned myself but, but he does look bad laid out.
Eric Rosenbaum: Why don't I give him some healing.
Eric Rosenbaum: I cast.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do second level healing word.
Eric Rosenbaum: For.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm and I take the rope and ask.
Eric Rosenbaum: is dealt with.
Eric Rosenbaum: A hand if you don't mind.
Mike Sackton: Oh, I feel kind of.
Eric Rosenbaum: see what I did there.
Eric Rosenbaum: needs to be.
Mike Sackton: dealt with all sort of walk back over to like sort of realizing hey we should pay attention to the world's.
Mike Sackton: He kind of just shakes his head a little bit and then nods and walks over.
Mike Sackton: been a long time since.
Mike Sackton: I fought these number of orcs.
Eric Rosenbaum: How do you recommend binding one.
Mike Sackton: tightly.
hmm.
Eric Rosenbaum: So we said about binding the.
Timothy Sackton: SME is unconscious so it's easy to.
Timothy Sackton: Get time up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, as a start, maybe, maybe get dealt with are you helping them like I can see from the office.
Mike Sackton: And adele is helping.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Though as, as you know, this may be dealt with you, if you and I, you in kenzo are sort of winding up the work on you know kenza just kind of like looking over at you a little bit yeah you're wearing your shadow Armor right yep and looking over it's like so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You learn to shadow warrior she months right that's like you were not bad right.
Eric Rosenbaum: we've been over this.
Mike Sackton: Now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, but you don't you really don't know like this is just casual conversation, as with my at the arc you guys you really you really don't know where you were where all this came from.
Mike Sackton: The Armor was the Armor I wore in.
Mike Sackton: The battles that's the Great War.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But it wasn't shadow Armor yeah it was just normal Armor right like it didn't have the whole.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Black cat yeah you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That would make me think that you're a shadow warrior I mean I know you're not I mean, I think I know you're not.
Mike Sackton: Now, I could not.
Eric Rosenbaum: And this is all darkness evil.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's all evil to be found in darkness.
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe, but maybe there's more to the world than we know.
Eric Rosenbaum: or, conversely, perhaps this prediction what can happen still with even though.
Eric Rosenbaum: It seems unlikely I.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I feel like it's within the spectrum of possible now I don't hold it against you just to be clear about that, though.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's not something I have no personal you know interactions it feels like you know you're you're actually a library of the Great War, so I you know I don't really do but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Serious.
Eric Rosenbaum: What what are some association now i've already purple Jim goggle inspected the Armor without any further insight but i'm curious if we knew anything about the law of shadows suggesting that.
Eric Rosenbaum: There are.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh yeah actually turning to use cultures, traditions gods that somehow connected to shut us yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know 10s of know some occult stuff and I do like an iconic check, just like as we're just kind of casually like you know.
Timothy Sackton: sure.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That just a little sleep I know anything you know i'm taking this reflection from seekers seekers you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah about the philosophy of darkness up as.
Timothy Sackton: I mean.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And I do not.
know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Apparently, all this topic.
David Schwartz: you're prettier.
Timothy Sackton: there's I mean there's lots of myths about shadows right like shadows are associated with the fe they're associated with um.
Timothy Sackton: You know there's plenty of of you know stories of.
Timothy Sackton: You know the things that come out at night, and of course they're not all evil right, I mean there's on dead there's like malicious things but there's also you know fairies and you know right rights and things like that and.
Timothy Sackton: You know it's not, I would say.
Timothy Sackton: there's not like a God, that is, you know, particularly, certainly in the done Marty culture there's not a there's.
Timothy Sackton: Not a God that is really strongly associated with shadow, although you do remember from growing up in charge, and there is one of the set of that sort of dominant religion outside of of of Dunbar is the eight devine's sometimes called the way or or muscle new manna and there is a.
Timothy Sackton: God associated with that tradition, the night Queen, who is seen as kind of the.
Timothy Sackton: You know the one who is watches over transitions and shadows and twilight.
Timothy Sackton: And so, from your childhood, you would you would you know not.
Eric Rosenbaum: really think of right.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, this is not your.
Timothy Sackton: You know, since you've met case I mean you were never religious right, you are streeter.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then you.
Timothy Sackton: guys know but.
Timothy Sackton: You would know these things right, and so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then I mean kenza has no like particular prejudice or anything like that you know, obviously.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: dealt with has been like pulling things with like weird demonic towards you know not demonic swords machine or we're.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: going to be evil.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Evil energy evil what there's the energy but anyways Kansas just just you know.
Eric Rosenbaum: I like how we're having this casual conversation about good and evil, while tying up in our um I I pulled the little notebook out of a deeply buried.
Eric Rosenbaum: pocket among my things and and pull it open and say I did.
Eric Rosenbaum: One time write down the word.
Eric Rosenbaum: shadow fell.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think that might have been dealt with where you said you were imprisoned, but I don't know much more about what it is, is that the place, you were held.
Mike Sackton: I don't know if it was shadow file, although shadow file is the.
Mike Sackton: shadow we echo of the fate wild.
Eric Rosenbaum: I quickly said about adding to my notes.
Mike Sackton: But I don't know much of it, I know.
Mike Sackton: My people much many, many years ago, used to travel to the wild.
Mike Sackton: But it's not something I ever did.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You speak or delis.
Timothy Sackton: Do any of you speak work.
Mike Sackton: Now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you read or.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you read and write work, though.
Mike Sackton: I could read it, yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can you write it.
Now.
Eric Rosenbaum: Scott, we think, was the chieftain.
Eric Rosenbaum: Not one of the spell casters right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is a cleric right.
Timothy Sackton: This was one of the one of the clerics about the cracks podcast or not.
Eric Rosenbaum: The one who was.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: fireballs I knocked on the door you killed the leader.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are we communicating with this guy.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think we might need to go.
Talk to have Darfur, yes.
Mike Sackton: yeah any walk hop star as someone who.
Mike Sackton: Can aid in that uh.
Eric Rosenbaum: let's leave the orc here up on the cliff and head down.
Mike Sackton: I think we should.
Mike Sackton: Bring the Ark down to after.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's what's going on with us.
David Schwartz: But this time will be probably live to sway over feeling a little better so let's search the other bodies before we go down, so we don't have to come back up again.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's the spirit, who knows what those spell casters had on them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nothing like a good liberation.
Timothy Sackton: make a perception check.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm gonna focus on this podcast.
David Schwartz: horrible.
David Schwartz: horror worse.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, my God.
Eric Rosenbaum: How did we do good.
Timothy Sackton: they're all very tired from the battle.
Eric Rosenbaum: seem to be dead orgs.
Timothy Sackton: Failure yeah that I mean you, you spend a little bit of time reading through them.
Eric Rosenbaum: The one thing you do notice is.
Timothy Sackton: That they all you know all of these orcs do have the same, I mean the same sort of like dark red face paint tattoos.
Timothy Sackton: As the one that you have tied up the sort of motif that looks like a rising sun and then with a.
Timothy Sackton: almost like you know, a Van Gogh the screen kind of face above that are not bank, who is the guy who did the endless scream.
Mike Sackton: munch yes.
Timothy Sackton: um it's sort of like that except a little stretched out and more stylized so it's like a face screaming above a rising sun and you know they're, the ones who have shields are have this.
Timothy Sackton: sort of motif and then it's it's sort of painted with this red face paint on there, the rest of them.
Timothy Sackton: not carrying much I mean they you know.
Timothy Sackton: Not much rations or.
Timothy Sackton: anything they must sell either.
Timothy Sackton: They have some magical way of getting food or they must have a camp somewhere and have left.
Timothy Sackton: From that camp to come here or somebody else was carrying the food.
Timothy Sackton: These are you know.
Timothy Sackton: Obviously, a battle party relatively light and in gear, other than their weapons and Armor.
Timothy Sackton: But you don't really find much outs or notice much else.
Eric Rosenbaum: to search the eyes open next.
Mike Sackton: Let some.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: outdoor bring New York.
David Schwartz: yeah bring New York.
Timothy Sackton: yep okay.
Timothy Sackton: So you sort of roughly slings you know you're all pretty weak, but between two of you, you can sort of manage to.
Timothy Sackton: manhandle the orc down to down the.
Timothy Sackton: off the side of a cliff so the you know the Canyon sort of slows down a bit so you go around the long way and then and then come.
Timothy Sackton: You know down into hot dogs camp and, as you come down to the camp, you can see, you know this looking pretty rough like there's some you know there's it looks like for of pop stars warriors are dead and a number are badly wounded.
Timothy Sackton: And he is you know, after having sort of cleaned himself up he is sort of just going around to his troops, you know sort of offering words of support encouragement, but when he sees you, you know coming down, especially with the orc.
Timothy Sackton: he walks over to you.
Timothy Sackton: And he is.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, he you've not seen him really shaken before, but he seems a little bit shaken and says.
Timothy Sackton: glad you arrived when you did.
Timothy Sackton: not sure we could have.
Timothy Sackton: held off another one of those.
Timothy Sackton: Fire blasts from that spell caster.
Timothy Sackton: not expecting that from orcs.
Timothy Sackton: I thank you, greatly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are you ambushed.
Timothy Sackton: know we were not ambushed I was just not expecting fireballs the one who was slinging fire around like I like it was his personal toy was.
Timothy Sackton: not sure we would have gotten up up to the top of the Canyon in time to to deal with him before he just dropped rain fire down on us from above, they are.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But I mean today surprised again.
Timothy Sackton: We killed a group of about 20 orcs coming 2025 words coming from the north.
Timothy Sackton: Through the Canyon.
Timothy Sackton: And this small band.
Timothy Sackton: slaughtered our.
Timothy Sackton: Our watch on our left flank and snuck around.
Timothy Sackton: attacked us from above.
Timothy Sackton: While we were.
Timothy Sackton: arrayed against the larger band coming through the Canyon.
Timothy Sackton: It was a.
Timothy Sackton: Again, a battle plan.
Timothy Sackton: of sophistication I would not have.
Eric Rosenbaum: expected from these such creatures a coordinated trap.
Timothy Sackton: Indeed.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm TIM do we know anything about like works and they're like spell casting abilities.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
orc wizardry.
Timothy Sackton: So yeah I mean you know the sort of standard story about orcs right is that they're the kind of their you know in thrall to the to this god of endless war and so.
Timothy Sackton: You know, many of them have some.
Timothy Sackton: divine spell casting ability.
Timothy Sackton: arcs like sorceress orcs are not something that you have heard of before.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
David Schwartz: i'm not toward the standard like the emblems and so have dark, but everyone else to have you seen this standard before.
Timothy Sackton: Not this particular one I mean these foul creatures always have some.
Timothy Sackton: standard or or name they fight under um.
Timothy Sackton: This one is unfamiliar to me.
David Schwartz: Oh look over to delish.
Mike Sackton: I assume I don't recognize the stem and now.
Timothy Sackton: While you're sort of standing there he the sort of tall older man with unkempt graying hair, who was walking around before.
Timothy Sackton: walks over and pop tart introduces me says, this is our um his holy war here of our gear.
Timothy Sackton: And they talk for a moment and.
Timothy Sackton: seems to be asked is seems to be saying that they're preparing to.
Timothy Sackton: Say blessings and cremate the four dead warriors and he wants hops are to say a few words when when he has a chance there is going to be a small funeral he also wants, he also asked half Dar.
Timothy Sackton: What should we do with the orc bodies.
Progress like tracker menopausal I guess deal with them later.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You can capture one.
What I see.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Anybody in your party speak work.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or condemn knows how to communicate.
Timothy Sackton: yeah we can.
Timothy Sackton: i've picked up some bits of their language in my travels.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Some speak the common tongue as well.
Timothy Sackton: When he wakes can see.
David Schwartz: After the the band of 20 that you're engaged with.
David Schwartz: The ones we saw up on the rich didn't have gear supplies for long journey in the desert they weren't carrying food or water, what about these.
Timothy Sackton: know I think they must have set a camp further up the Canyon i've sent some scott's to go that track back there trails quietly make sure there's not more waiting to ambush us in the night.
Timothy Sackton: If there are will know soon if there's a camp, we must find the signs of that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Are we vulnerable down here in the Canyon should we get to higher ground.
Timothy Sackton: So good question, I mean.
Timothy Sackton: We may consider moving our camp up to the ranch.
Timothy Sackton: set up a system to bring up the water as needed the Canyon is sheltered from the.
Timothy Sackton: From the heat shady during the heart hardest part of the day.
Eric Rosenbaum: used to be in this palm tree up there, but.
Timothy Sackton: Several of my scouts are still out riding.
Timothy Sackton: I hope I anticipate they'll be back.
Timothy Sackton: Sometime tomorrow anyway.
Timothy Sackton: Is this all the arcs are there more.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Especially the other ones that we were dealing with at least is the only one we captured.
Timothy Sackton: that's good.
Timothy Sackton: I saw you saw well up there.
Eric Rosenbaum: Some still some book ideas.
greatly.
Timothy Sackton: greatly appreciated.
Timothy Sackton: Aid coming unlock unlock for is sometimes the best eight of all.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The hub door, what do you make of all this.
This.
Timothy Sackton: I would.
Timothy Sackton: hear what this fall creature has to say, if we can get it to talk.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We met, we met.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We made a class, you know what's the name of the kid again.
That Allah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: mo.
Mike Sackton: mo.
mo.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know, as we know, when we visited audibles mentors they told us some interesting things about the orcs they told us that the orcs have been peaceful that they had been.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Instead of a society for themselves and we're we're not we're not attacking.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know if they've never heard of such a thing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Did you say that the orcs attack you or did you attack the orcs.
Timothy Sackton: They attacked us.
Eric Rosenbaum: But.
Mike Sackton: Almost masters also said, the.
Mike Sackton: orcs had been fighting each other right my misremembering let him.
Timothy Sackton: know they said that.
Mike Sackton: yeah that's right that.
Mike Sackton: A new.
Mike Sackton: clan perhaps attacking the peaceful ones.
Eric Rosenbaum: hmm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: These markings the rising sun what is a clerk that mean anything to you.
Timothy Sackton: As I said, they always have marks screaming face the burning sun call themselves things like this, but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Before before we leave just medically like kensal well we'll grab like a stretch of like you know, like whatever summit, you know, like one of the horses probably got that on like a you know piece of fabric, whatever just like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Just grab that and keep it up.
Timothy Sackton: Listen, the sun is beginning to set.
Timothy Sackton: I think in an hour or so.
Timothy Sackton: My.
Timothy Sackton: By troops will be ready for the funeral of those who died.
Timothy Sackton: Should we wake this work now or would you like to interrogate it in the morning.
David Schwartz: Now.
Now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There you have it.
Timothy Sackton: um he's signals he he goes walks over to.
Timothy Sackton: to arm the the tall older guy and and brings them over and.
Timothy Sackton: Like they have a quick whispered conversation and arm looks a little skeptical but he places his his hand on the.
Timothy Sackton: shoulder of the orc and you know start saying under his breath.
Timothy Sackton: aguero to spirit.
Timothy Sackton: bring you back and the orc like shutters awake as sort of a little glow on his hand and.
Timothy Sackton: snaps his eyes open starts, looking around like growling at the crowd.
Timothy Sackton: or i'm kind of jumps back then realizes the arc is tied up and.
Timothy Sackton: Your Dar.
Timothy Sackton: Dar than like turns to you anything you want to know.
Eric Rosenbaum: Why did they attack.
Mike Sackton: who have they been to recently.
David Schwartz: Did they serve.
Eric Rosenbaum: Who do they serve.
Timothy Sackton: That the arc starts laughing.
Timothy Sackton: In this sort of maniacal laugh behind you as you're talking and i'm.
Timothy Sackton: starts just kind of like looking at you well, but you said, who do you serve and says in in common, not in Dunbar a but in the sort of trade tongue.
Timothy Sackton: You know, you want to know who we serve.
Timothy Sackton: crash the blighted one.
Timothy Sackton: You will serve him to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Whereas crash.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What can we find crash.
Timothy Sackton: You see, to join crashes worship.
Mike Sackton: Is crash, though the god all the orcs worship, no.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Have you ever heard of grass.
nope.
Eric Rosenbaum: grass, the grass, the what's.
Timothy Sackton: One way delighted one.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What did one.
Timothy Sackton: If you serve grass, you will never die.
Mike Sackton: Who is the guy what's the God is it I forget the name of the God that i'll be.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Mike Sackton: Did you not finish, making it up.
Timothy Sackton: Now I had two names and I couldn't decide which one I like better um, let me tell you.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
stark.
Timothy Sackton: The god of war without end.
Mike Sackton: crash is not.
Mike Sackton: dark angry you've abandoned him.
Timothy Sackton: He like bets.
Timothy Sackton: On the ground by your feet ah stark is weak.
Timothy Sackton: stark is.
Timothy Sackton: does not speak to me does not speak to us.
David Schwartz: When.
He looks over at you.
Timothy Sackton: Why should I speak to you unfaithful.
Mike Sackton: Are you not a prophet of graph with with.
Timothy Sackton: crash crash.
Mike Sackton: Are you not here to spread his word.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, crash can use servants of all races crash will make you strong.
Timothy Sackton: crash will make you never die.
Timothy Sackton: When you die, you will rise 10 times stronger again and again.
Timothy Sackton: The glory of crash.
David Schwartz: And when.
David Schwartz: will be a lean in I haven't before met an orc afraid to speak of this.
Timothy Sackton: Like struggles against us bonds and like.
Timothy Sackton: I am not afraid crash.
Timothy Sackton: He speaks to us.
Timothy Sackton: One year.
Timothy Sackton: Many years.
Timothy Sackton: Was gashes bastards wander the desert living in peace he's bets on the ground again.
Timothy Sackton: though he turned away from those weaklings.
Mike Sackton: What those who bath what was the.
Timothy Sackton: who's gosh gosh.
gosh.
what's wrong.
Mike Sackton: And where did you find crash.
Mike Sackton: He must have come to you in a.
Mike Sackton: Powerful place.
Timothy Sackton: came to us.
Timothy Sackton: The City of the dead rulers.
Timothy Sackton: The city with the big tunes.
Timothy Sackton: lurking over it.
Mike Sackton: That Carson yeah.
Timothy Sackton: You come to him.
Timothy Sackton: He will welcome you, you will never die.
David Schwartz: Where in the city, can we find him.
Timothy Sackton: To darkest place in the heart of the city.
Timothy Sackton: Beyond dying dwells there only the brave can make it.
Timothy Sackton: dodging the ghosts.
Timothy Sackton: He blesses us.
David Schwartz: What did he ask in return.
Timothy Sackton: Tell who's gashes brats.
Timothy Sackton: Take our treasure.
Timothy Sackton: bring it to him.
Eric Rosenbaum: I just your to the shield.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is this the sign of crash the rising sun the screaming face.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: Any now tell me, so I can rise.
again.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Kevin those kinds of sort of like quickly at this is grass stronger than she could.
Timothy Sackton: Whose chatroom.
Timothy Sackton: crashes stronger than all.
David Schwartz: i'll turn to have Darren just say.
David Schwartz: We should probably burn the bodies.
Timothy Sackton: Have dark looks over at at arm, he says.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right now, we should prepare to burn the bodies.
Eric Rosenbaum: TIM, what do you what do I do we know anything about like this thing of like rising again 10 times stronger is that is that, like a thing or maybe just a story that he's told there If so, is there a way we could prevent it if it's real.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: iconic are.
Timothy Sackton: I mean.
Timothy Sackton: Ah yeah go ahead and roll are gone it's.
Timothy Sackton: it's you know.
Timothy Sackton: there's like plenty of stories like this right, I mean.
Timothy Sackton: So seeker you've read.
Timothy Sackton: You haven't you know deeply study the nature of undead but you've certainly spent enough time in the door of an archives sort of reading about just all sorts of legends and myths about different kinds of creatures that that you certainly come across stories of.
Timothy Sackton: You know the thing that's the most similar that you've come across are like you know stories of.
Timothy Sackton: creatures like zombies that.
Timothy Sackton: You know rise up from the bodies of the dead.
Timothy Sackton: You know the sort of 10 times stronger thing well you know it's a little bit hard to tell if that is.
Timothy Sackton: Meaningful there are certainly There certainly are magic's that can create.
Timothy Sackton: That can that can animate the dead dead bodies and and bring them back.
Timothy Sackton: Something that could work at a great distance would be unusual in your experience but not completely unheard of.
Timothy Sackton: You know, for more likely to you would be that this far away from whoever this crashes, probably, this is just a myth.
Timothy Sackton: But maybe closer maybe in the city, maybe closer to his lair he actually has the power to us that would be your take anything.
Mike Sackton: Did you succeed at killing that lose gosh.
Timothy Sackton: Of course we succeed.
Timothy Sackton: We are strong we are crashes warriors the blended one wins all battles.
Mike Sackton: I point over to the dead or.
Mike Sackton: All battles.
Timothy Sackton: This battle is not over yet for.
And he starts laughing again.
David Schwartz: Other names.
Timothy Sackton: A bladed one.
Mike Sackton: And one.
Timothy Sackton: Other names.
Mike Sackton: How mighty is he does he will all the all.
Mike Sackton: The thousands.
Timothy Sackton: We will be thousand soon enough.
Timothy Sackton: growth.
Timothy Sackton: Was gosh who's gosh strength.
Timothy Sackton: Soon, all will be crash.
Timothy Sackton: Are there more crashes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Are there more of your fire casters.
Timothy Sackton: crush blesses us with many powers.
Eric Rosenbaum: What other powers.
Timothy Sackton: You will see.
Eric Rosenbaum: we're not scared.
Timothy Sackton: straw.
Timothy Sackton: You like sort of throw that isn't that kill me and you will see.
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe we should keep you around maybe you'll see your chance to kill yourself and take over from him.
Timothy Sackton: haha.
Timothy Sackton: I am strong, I do not.
Timothy Sackton: Think such blasphemy.
David Schwartz: You what else.
Timothy Sackton: blast femur.
Timothy Sackton: You will be the first to die.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Which.
David Schwartz: What else dwells in the dead city of the rulers.
Timothy Sackton: crash rules all right garage wants crush prangs.
Mike Sackton: How long has a crush.
Mike Sackton: crush has been there, a year.
yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: super case, what else is on crushes CD but.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's good goodison.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: park university blood.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: majors in head bashing.
Eric Rosenbaum: took a gap year for some pillaging.
Eric Rosenbaum: The.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Really burning these bodies.
Timothy Sackton: yeah arm has already gone over to do that he's like dragon building a.
Timothy Sackton: Fire hot dogs just kind of watching this, but he motioned arm over as soon as you suggested that and started burning the bodies.
Eric Rosenbaum: What is your name faisal one.
Timothy Sackton: I am Gore cow.
Timothy Sackton: I will kill you later.
Mike Sackton: disappointed about that one corkill.
David Schwartz: How is it that you've come so far, through the desert without food and water.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well i'll be with the actual useful questions.
Timothy Sackton: The desert is ours, we can't where we want, we raid where we want.
Eric Rosenbaum: Whereas you can't.
hmm.
Timothy Sackton: Why should I tell you that.
David Schwartz: It doesn't matter we'll just follow your tracks back anyways.
Eric Rosenbaum: Think about whether it's worth casting suggest on him to persuade him to tell us something specific but it's not obvious that there's something that we need to know that he does.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, maybe we sidebar and done Mari for or just the US.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: They can't hear us for a moment.
David Schwartz: Well he's ever telepathically.
David Schwartz: To sorry to cut you off, but like.
David Schwartz: Can we save our telepathically do we have to do that verbally.
Timothy Sackton: um yeah you're the paddling it's not a it's not a group chat.
David Schwartz: can't conference you in.
Timothy Sackton: Okay right.
Timothy Sackton: There can send messages and somebody can respond by thinking particular Fox, but you can't you can't group chat.
Eric Rosenbaum: But it is it's like broadcast one too many, not many, too many.
Now it's 11111.
Eric Rosenbaum: God.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is kind of step away from the Oracle a little bit and when, when we speak, are we speaking into my are we speaking in common.
Timothy Sackton: You can you're right now you're speaking in common that's what our kids speaking.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I know, but like like the five of us like are the four of us.
Timothy Sackton: I would assume you're normally speaking done Mari.
Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what's name of the town again the good place with the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Carson Carson.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So, though, if you nominally woke up from Carson.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: In Carson.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yep which is now probably even the time when you woke up is now under the auspices of our new friends.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The blighted one.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: seems like some serious evil shirt there potentially very strong evil shit there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And why are we trying to go there again, what is this this this what what what what What else can we learn from this guy about about parcel and do you think.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, I think the important.
Eric Rosenbaum: idea that we're.
Eric Rosenbaum: hoping to pursue based on what those monks told us about the 30 years ago attempt to clear the land of blight.
Eric Rosenbaum: These orcs don't have anything to do with and that's going to be at the monastery if there's any evidence of it south of the city, so we should avoid the city, I think.
Eric Rosenbaum: Unless you want to go fly crash but i'm not sure why we do that.
David Schwartz: I think the reason to go to the city is so.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh yeah.
David Schwartz: Well nobody's been there and hundreds of years.
Mike Sackton: i'm sure.
Eric Rosenbaum: fascinating place.
Eric Rosenbaum: At the branch options alone.
Eric Rosenbaum: Undoubtedly.
Mike Sackton: And people have been there.
Eric Rosenbaum: And that was to you do you feel it would help you understand your own mysteries to go there.
Mike Sackton: I feel.
Mike Sackton: We are.
Mike Sackton: feel like each step.
Mike Sackton: raises more questions than it brings the answers.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I agree with that.
Mike Sackton: We came this way to try to find what might have made comes protection we've the land least I did.
Mike Sackton: It we seem to have just encountered more enemies and found more.
Mike Sackton: Possibilities who are working.
Mike Sackton: For evil.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, is it.
Eric Rosenbaum: I thought.
David Schwartz: I thought I heard the same thing.
David Schwartz: That I heard the song say the same thing.
David Schwartz: That the orc gods tell silent, also in the same way that humans guts did.
David Schwartz: that's interesting.
Eric Rosenbaum: Did he say that that's interesting.
David Schwartz: Well grasslands didn't meet him.
Timothy Sackton: he's sad.
Timothy Sackton: No longer speaks to.
Eric Rosenbaum: US yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: And this that.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's a good.
David Schwartz: district, or I mean that could be.
Timothy Sackton: could mean many things.
David Schwartz: and illogical.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do.
Eric Rosenbaum: I wonder what the undead orcs turn into they probably don't turn into dog headed humanoids.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's worth ruling that out.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: TIM.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Just a medic medic game question just kenza now or do any of us know how do we speak to the gods, how do we, how do we let go and interact with god's.
Timothy Sackton: I mean you to pray to them, and sometimes they answer but usually they don't answer in a conversation they answer with like you know finds like.
Timothy Sackton: Like when at the festival rebirth right the you know, everybody was trying to decide whether they wanted to leave the city or not, and then they there was this big.
Timothy Sackton: You know, there was the fire and the sparks went up and all of the sparks when and sort of drifted to the West, which everybody interpreted as a sign from the gods that.
Timothy Sackton: They had made the right decision to leave it's that sort of thing it's not but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But I, I understand that, but I also just like from a more metaphysical perspective, like is there, like a is there, like a plane of God is there the plane of the gods.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, yes, I mean.
Timothy Sackton: Different gods live on different planes, so the that done Mari god's live on.
Timothy Sackton: This name might change if I decided I don't like it, but for now live on the plane of the on in our cash.
Eric Rosenbaum: well.
Timothy Sackton: Like the Denmark happen well not really having it's the afterlife.
Eric Rosenbaum: Our costs.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, so and and do have there ever been legends are stories of like mortals or like kind of beings from the material plane like literally going there, and like yeah definitely.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So how do we go.
Timothy Sackton: How do you go there well that's a little bit unclear, I mean dying is one way to go there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: hmm interesting okay.
Timothy Sackton: But how you go there without dying is.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: it's a little bit not all I mean it's unclear how one actually would do that.
Timothy Sackton: There are legends but none of them.
Timothy Sackton: And their stories, I mean the gods coming here as well, right, obviously, if.
Timothy Sackton: makkah and beast my had a child that had to be in the same place together at one point.
Mike Sackton: Well, depends on the power of God, but.
True.
Timothy Sackton: So there's definitely you know stories of of.
Timothy Sackton: beings going back and forth in a sort of physical way between the planes but it's not none of the stories are very specific on how one would actually go about doing that well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, so I guess, we can talk back back in game.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think, for us to really figure out what the Fuck is going on, we need to figure out how to communicate directly with the gods.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's ambitious and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are we doing here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What are we doing here, this is Michelle has gone or God is gone, you know, for us to understand what's really happening there's there's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: there's another game there's a there's another level of the game and we need to be able to understand what that is otherwise we're just playing in the dark.
Mike Sackton: Are these gods really gone or can people hear just not hear them.
Mike Sackton: I think if the God of the orcs had vanished from town or a year ago.
Mike Sackton: More would have changed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Fine, not not necessarily have left, but whatever is happening on our plane is is trickled down from some politics that we are as of yet.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is it is a paid to us.
Mike Sackton: know I mean do we know if.
Mike Sackton: The gods have left or there's a wall and they can't get through.
Eric Rosenbaum: or there.
Mike Sackton: where he could even be be here.
Mike Sackton: Something and this place that is preventing the the gods from.
Mike Sackton: But clearly, not all gods.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: which place.
Mike Sackton: This part of Dunbar.
Eric Rosenbaum: Will.
Mike Sackton: Will we know that the orcs and the far north cannot hear their God, I think that arcs and charting cannot hear that God.
Mike Sackton: Literally.
Mike Sackton: Literally all got been.
Mike Sackton: dealt with points over to the healer if the gods are truly God he wouldn't be able to heal us.
Right.
David Schwartz: Look, this is a conversation to have with Ken dresser.
Mike Sackton: Do we know, I mean that is interesting has contributed that any magic since we.
David Schwartz: Have magically evaded our questions.
Mike Sackton: But he hasn't actually cast any spells healthy.
Timothy Sackton: trees on you.
Mike Sackton: Did cassava truth than us.
Timothy Sackton: But that was a while ago.
Mike Sackton: But it was still.
Eric Rosenbaum: After the fall of the.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, there was after the phone call.
Eric Rosenbaum: So he's not completely devoid of that power does that power come directly from jacuzzi.
David Schwartz: Or if he's turned to another God.
Mike Sackton: I mean, I guess, if he's calling himself out in is now serving some other master.
Eric Rosenbaum: kensal I have to admit I have that same wish to make a kind of leap, I wish to find the interconnections between the planes and travel among them.
Eric Rosenbaum: And even to communicate with.
Eric Rosenbaum: These gods and metal in their politics as you're suggesting, but I have to admit to.
Eric Rosenbaum: reflecting on the loss of my.
Eric Rosenbaum: younger brother that he meddled with something that maybe he should not have, and so there could be costs.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But.
Eric Rosenbaum: My point being that kind of thing without proper.
Mike Sackton: I must say I have.
Mike Sackton: Very.
Mike Sackton: Well, no desire to.
Mike Sackton: Travel the outer planes and get trapped in another dimension.
Eric Rosenbaum: I won't happen it, that was a fluke that that happened to you i'm sure.
David Schwartz: We could avoid certain things usually a one time thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah yeah.
Is it.
Mike Sackton: Are you sure.
Eric Rosenbaum: Plus.
Eric Rosenbaum: Now our partner has an experienced.
Eric Rosenbaum: interpreter traveler we're basically ready to go.
David Schwartz: Where the best possible group to be trapped in another dimension for hundreds of years.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Look i'm not saying that I necessarily want myself or for us either ones that go there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What i'm saying is we're spending a lot of fucking time and effort telling a lot of orcs killing a lot of weird demons and we're spending a lot of effort, right now, I think.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: in ways that aren't necessarily helping us understand the true game that's being played now to understand the true game that's being played women to have to go there ourselves, maybe there's some conduits and I agree, while be I think control so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He has he still has tales to tell us, and he actually they have the one artifact that can get us into the planet dreams, which is the one one place, we could go because.
Eric Rosenbaum: he's under some kind of curse.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think personally that we've seen hints that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Somewhere in Dunbar is hidden knowledge we've got to keep asking around and searching the.
Eric Rosenbaum: The ideas and maybe the power are here within our grasp.
yeah.
Mike Sackton: It would be interesting to know a bit more about this crush.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like what.
Mike Sackton: Is gratia.
Mike Sackton: Lady wizard a true God a.
Mike Sackton: Fake creature a.
Mike Sackton: dragon.
Eric Rosenbaum: It would be interesting suppose garage was a say human.
Eric Rosenbaum: probably know.
Eric Rosenbaum: crush could be a.
Eric Rosenbaum: Female door.
David Schwartz: Well, ask the work then describe to us crush.
David Schwartz: You saw it.
Timothy Sackton: you're done with your babbling.
Timothy Sackton: spits again you're like spitting blood out of his like batter.
Timothy Sackton: face.
Timothy Sackton: I grow weary.
Timothy Sackton: I wish to be reborn in glory.
Timothy Sackton: You are wasting my time.
David Schwartz: Cross your you.
David Schwartz: Tell us, the sooner.
David Schwartz: You move on.
Timothy Sackton: crush is mighty he is.
Timothy Sackton: A dark spirit.
Timothy Sackton: No heart of the city.
Timothy Sackton: Strong.
Timothy Sackton: Everywhere, and nowhere.
Timothy Sackton: He speaks to us.
Timothy Sackton: He blesses us with his might.
Mike Sackton: You.
Mike Sackton: seen him been in his presence.
Timothy Sackton: I have not been so blessed I have been near him.
Mike Sackton: You know the those who have been so blessed.
Timothy Sackton: When I am reborn I will be strong enough yes.
Timothy Sackton: I will be in his presence.
Timothy Sackton: And he will help me kill you blasphemer looking at seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: I look a little nervous.
David Schwartz: I put the sticker him in particular.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, I did proactively blessing yes that's correct.
Timothy Sackton: He suggested killing gosh.
Timothy Sackton: What does not kill.
Timothy Sackton: A power, such as his.
Mike Sackton: No.
Mike Sackton: we're not.
Mike Sackton: What How would he stopped us.
Timothy Sackton: We are strong.
Timothy Sackton: He commands.
Timothy Sackton: All the haunted spirits of the city.
Timothy Sackton: And he will not stop till he has.
Timothy Sackton: The treasure he seeks.
David Schwartz: Where were you going when you tried to kill all these humans.
David Schwartz: you're going somewhere.
Timothy Sackton: Killing humans as motive enough.
David Schwartz: What treasure you're going West.
David Schwartz: So nor.
Timothy Sackton: my travels or no business of yours.
David Schwartz: Did you hear what happened at ravens hold.
Timothy Sackton: Such things have no meaning to me ravens hold I cannot for.
Those words.
David Schwartz: what's her name is hold.
David Schwartz: Oh, look to secure like is there a name for Britain.
David Schwartz: or kish there must be.
Mike Sackton: It was hard.
Mike Sackton: Work with they're not.
David Schwartz: Oh, it was a hug and what's the one orc up there, though.
Eric Rosenbaum: We didn't.
Timothy Sackton: Work you saw one or yep.
Eric Rosenbaum: Which is bizarre but.
Mike Sackton: That was probably it was gosh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah remember the markings on that or.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: Interesting did not seem to have any know like tattoos or anything well much more.
Timothy Sackton: Like.
Eric Rosenbaum: Humans British kind of.
Timothy Sackton: Straight edge yeah.
Mike Sackton: How do you find these cash, you must be a skilled tracker to find them.
Timothy Sackton: They are easy to find.
hey.
Timothy Sackton: grow food and build farms and.
Timothy Sackton: keep animals, they are weak pathetic.
Timothy Sackton: We will slaughter them.
Timothy Sackton: and bring their treasure back to.
Back to crash, and he will.
Timothy Sackton: grow stronger.
David Schwartz: yeah and then what though play that forward.
10 years.
Timothy Sackton: And I will be your lord and master and you will bow before across.
David Schwartz: So not really thought this one through.
Mike Sackton: Your thinking treasure for gosh.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: Sir oh go ahead.
Mike Sackton: What sort of treasure.
Timothy Sackton: You have tribute for garage to give me.
Timothy Sackton: I will take it to him.
Timothy Sackton: He wants all the treasures across the land.
Mike Sackton: I hear there's a there's an old woman in the in the West.
Mike Sackton: coast these things.
Mike Sackton: Perhaps you could go.
Mike Sackton: send your troops that way and see if you could get her treasure the dust whether I believe she's called.
Timothy Sackton: CS week.
Timothy Sackton: crush will kill her.
Mike Sackton: If he hasn't yet she can't be that week.
Timothy Sackton: crashes strong and he will kill her when the time is right.
Mike Sackton: When he gets strong enough to be able to eat me.
Timothy Sackton: He could killer when every wanted to.
Mike Sackton: To why doesn't see.
David Schwartz: must not want to.
Mike Sackton: Is.
Timothy Sackton: you're clearly like fostering him a little bed.
Timothy Sackton: Not question graph blast femurs.
Timothy Sackton: When this battle is finished, I will dance on your grades.
Timothy Sackton: You now can see over his shoulder like flickering fires of a giant tire.
Timothy Sackton: As our men have Dar have finished dragging the oryx bodies on to this.
Timothy Sackton: Just giant like pile fed by the palm tree that was knocked down in the battle which they have dragged from the tops of the cliffs and chopped up for one.
Timothy Sackton: And the sun is beginning to sat as the smoke rises and you can smell the burning flash of that works being charged and.
Timothy Sackton: turned to ash.
David Schwartz: Other humans Besides these horse people.
David Schwartz: wandering in these parts.
Timothy Sackton: We kill them.
Timothy Sackton: kill any we see.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are you holding any captive in Carson.
Timothy Sackton: Pack.
Timothy Sackton: captives ways to food.
Timothy Sackton: Better to eat them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And if we were to give you a tribute to go to Carson would would rush kill us then to.
Timothy Sackton: If you serve him, he will not kill you.
Timothy Sackton: We serve him and he does not kill us.
Timothy Sackton: Once crush blesses you.
Timothy Sackton: You are his.
David Schwartz: He sent you here to die.
Timothy Sackton: Death has nothing.
Eric Rosenbaum: So kids are you thinking like elaborate orc outfits.
Mike Sackton: I think crush might be able to see through such things.
Mike Sackton: Or at least I don't think crush cares for auction not but he's gonna know if we're not really there to serve him right.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think we probably have gotten what we can get out of this guy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is it takes the staff, like the hobgoblin the staff from the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And he pulls it out and gives it to the work even Crawford like this distribute.
Timothy Sackton: doesn't look very fancy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's true it's not that busy weekends oh.
Timothy Sackton: My gosh will take any tribute anything old especially.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Was he, like old days.
Mike Sackton: Because he's working for the i'll say this, and done Mari isn't week with the chart OD in order of the open and.
David Schwartz: i'm flicking.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why does he wouldn't grow things.
Timothy Sackton: All things are strong.
Timothy Sackton: crush is strong, all things make him stronger.
Timothy Sackton: Take the treasures of.
Timothy Sackton: Everyone take.
don't.
Timothy Sackton: Take that.
Timothy Sackton: don't lose gushes brats take their or take their loot the claim it for us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Where are those gosh.
Timothy Sackton: They live.
Timothy Sackton: All over.
Timothy Sackton: They have vermin paths.
Mike Sackton: I think we should find i'll say this, and done while, so I think we should find those gosh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I agree.
David Schwartz: That.
David Schwartz: The society, the open school and gosh.
David Schwartz: it's either a strategy to get as much of everything as they can or to cast a wide net for one particular thing.
David Schwartz: I wonder about that.
Mike Sackton: Yes, the god killing artifacts that makes it to the gods can't speak to you.
Eric Rosenbaum: One particular thing.
David Schwartz: Right.
Mike Sackton: It seems more like that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: seems more like one particular thing.
Mike Sackton: Just feels that way to me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh no feels like this is a.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: power grab of some kind.
Eric Rosenbaum: kenzo don't you have a piece of something that was broken.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Indeed.
Eric Rosenbaum: Where are the other pieces.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's an interesting question.
Mike Sackton: What is because of a piece of I forget.
Mike Sackton: Your necklace right.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's a jade fragments.
Mike Sackton: didn't ride turn into a jade statue.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just gonna say.
Mike Sackton: it's not as it should be totally that everybody's looking for the body of rye.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean it's a powerful artifacts.
Eric Rosenbaum: Your necklace is not like noticeably the shape of a big toe or something you.
know.
David Schwartz: thinks that I said Dick Nicholas.
David Schwartz: So inappropriate.
Timothy Sackton: That needs to go on my list of quotes from today's call.
Eric Rosenbaum: I could barely hear him and it just kind of gradually dawned on me that you couldn't possibly have said that, but you must have.
Timothy Sackton: fun what I have a folder with.
Timothy Sackton: A number of inappropriate things we said.
Eric Rosenbaum: Seriously, though.
Eric Rosenbaum: well.
Eric Rosenbaum: I guess, we can burn him.
Mike Sackton: I wonder if we should keep him alive.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think we should keep.
Mike Sackton: Things so eager to die, why satisfies desire.
Eric Rosenbaum: and
Mike Sackton: On the off chance, he really can come back as a.
Mike Sackton: coaster some other we still tomorrow let's keep them alive right like why tempt fate you kill him at dusk.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's a reasonable question.
Eric Rosenbaum: Did anybody asked him what they come back as I don't think so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh that's a good question asked him.
Eric Rosenbaum: And i'm a blasphemer so I get to ask anymore, I think.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'll be.
Timothy Sackton: Well, now you're all sort of blast rumors yeah.
David Schwartz: Well that's Come on, can you pass a message on when you do.
Timothy Sackton: A message to who, why would I.
Timothy Sackton: Why would I do that.
David Schwartz: well.
David Schwartz: i'm just curious.
David Schwartz: Are you coming back again josh.
Timothy Sackton: yeah he will speak to you go off for yourself damn.
Timothy Sackton: Bring tribute.
David Schwartz: So we were thinking about killing you would do you come back stronger here, or like elsewhere, or is this metaphorical.
Timothy Sackton: kill me and find out.
David Schwartz: That sounds like metaphorical.
Timothy Sackton: Then there's no.
Timothy Sackton: Nothing for you to fear from my death do it do it do it now.
Mike Sackton: We should really.
bring him.
Mike Sackton: To the who's cash give him to them.
Eric Rosenbaum: As interesting.
David Schwartz: can't you just like magic assault deadness our sleep, though, like.
Mike Sackton: This well casters to be.
Eric Rosenbaum: We ship them up.
David Schwartz: More about so ever.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's good thing casting spells on us huh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh yeah I saw Satan TIM.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, OK.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Mike Sackton: Right, he was the cleric wasn't me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: could be attacking us.
Mike Sackton: Well, he might not use dolls spouse.
Eric Rosenbaum: huh yes, sadly, Linda to.
Timothy Sackton: You all as you're getting to talk, he will turn to.
let's see.
Mike Sackton: yeah he think about.
Timothy Sackton: The blasphemer and say.
Timothy Sackton: kill me.
Timothy Sackton: In but the way he says it resonates.
Mike Sackton: Days caitlyn ingestion.
Timothy Sackton: make our wisdom saving.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh boy.
Mike Sackton: All the time for guy, who is a spell caster.
Timothy Sackton: No, I forgot that command only has variable component.
Timothy Sackton: he's tied up so he can't get.
Mike Sackton: A spouse.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's just on me right.
Timothy Sackton: Just on you yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, you lunge forward and slit his throat.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh no.
David Schwartz: rush for us.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh whoa whoa.
Eric Rosenbaum: well.
Eric Rosenbaum: I did just suggest a minute ago that I guess that's how.
Eric Rosenbaum: That plays out there.
Eric Rosenbaum: Everybody I say waving my hands.
David Schwartz: Long beat as you slowly back.
Eric Rosenbaum: gushing blood.
Timothy Sackton: But also, I didn't want him to kill himself before you got a chance to get information that didn't seem fair.
Right.
David Schwartz: I tried searching this guy's body, hopefully with better effect.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, Nice.
David Schwartz: All right.
David Schwartz: that's slightly better.
Timothy Sackton: i'm not that much more honestly.
Timothy Sackton: You know he's got his he doesn't have any weapons, because they were dropped at the side you know he's got.
Timothy Sackton: You know.
traveling some blows.
Timothy Sackton: He he does not have a holy symbol you're guessing perhaps the thing and blaze and donna's shield is it's really simple.
Timothy Sackton: um that's you know many clerks and politicians have emblems on their shields that uses their only symbol.
Timothy Sackton: yeah not again same as before, honestly, like not a lot of gear or equipment slim down to just what it takes to fight.
Eric Rosenbaum: All right, one last question about these guys.
Eric Rosenbaum: I say continuing to try to like what blood off of different parts of my body.
Eric Rosenbaum: The rising sun.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's gonna be.
Eric Rosenbaum: eastward.
Eric Rosenbaum: Does that mean they come from the east or go to the east.
Eric Rosenbaum: How are they they come out of the stone thing.
Mike Sackton: They do come out of East.
Eric Rosenbaum: So rising sun come on at least.
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe attack at dawn maybe not.
Timothy Sackton: As this interrogation is wrapping up I.
Mike Sackton: got throw his body and the.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, pile okay i'm have Dar then comes over to you and says.
Timothy Sackton: I think we've got all of them, I see.
Timothy Sackton: Your conversation with him is over.
Timothy Sackton: I hope.
Eric Rosenbaum: You look a little bashful.
useful.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kenzo kind of pulls out the bit of fabric, with the rising sun.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: hop Dar.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: From our cherokee nation, at least we have we've we've learned some interesting things and I think it is important, as we do you do encounter and what works, it does seem that there has been a bit of a civil war months, though amongst the orcs the what they call the peaceful once again.
Timothy Sackton: This guy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know he's gosh i've.
Timothy Sackton: not heard that word.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So these appear to be orcs that are are are peaceful their farming and agriculture they've got lands there they're tending to the land have families on these serve some type of a new master in car car.
Timothy Sackton: Carson.
In Carson.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: crash the blighted.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: These works, these are the ones that we've we've dispatched they're killing their own kind they're killing the the peaceful ones.
Timothy Sackton: I would they do such a thing, what is.
Timothy Sackton: The cause of this i've never heard of peaceful orcs.
Timothy Sackton: And you know arcs fight but usually just to.
Timothy Sackton: You know, kill the leaders and take over the tribe they never.
Timothy Sackton: You know slaughter the.
Timothy Sackton: warriors.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There may be something happening with the gods much like in chicken.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Or, much like in.
Eric Rosenbaum: Airlines.
Mike Sackton: Airline Rosh seems to be a new presence here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Perhaps building a power vacuum, the sword talked about what's the name of the Ark God again.
Mike Sackton: Sorry.
Eric Rosenbaum: I said that dark no longer speaks to us.
Eric Rosenbaum: And that this crush one year ago.
Eric Rosenbaum: has taken over.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Much like she could no longer speaks.
Eric Rosenbaum: A practical matter as well, this one claimed admittedly he's one of their holy leaders or something, but he claimed that they crush can make them rise again.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I stopped are heard that part of the conversation.
Timothy Sackton: When when he didn't leave until while be suggested going to burn the body.
Mike Sackton: Right, it was after that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And he ended orcs.
Timothy Sackton: I have not seen any but i'm glad we burned the bodies.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We are.
Timothy Sackton: particularly like to encounter such things.
Timothy Sackton: Listen.
Timothy Sackton: i'm sorry go ahead, well.
David Schwartz: Maybe it's strange to ask a geography question after a battle, but he spoke of orcs farming and settlements, it seems inconceivable in this environment it's.
David Schwartz: How could that be here doesn't the desert just stretch on to the east.
Timothy Sackton: It does i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Further much further east.
Timothy Sackton: There is.
Timothy Sackton: There is the maha river Valley.
Timothy Sackton: That was a mighty river vole the eastern border of the old done Mario empire before the war.
Mike Sackton: isn't that the middle of the plate glass now.
Yes.
David Schwartz: You show us on the map, where that corresponds to.
David Schwartz: That or whatever it is.
Timothy Sackton: that's this this river here.
Mike Sackton: Which yeah that's.
Timothy Sackton: This This is like the the the last branch, and this is.
Mike Sackton: The East branch of the MMA and they they.
Timothy Sackton: join up like right around here or something like that, and then join up with this river down here.
Mike Sackton: That with the place with the little giant dust storms and the giant plague word I think is possibly not the most fertile place to farm.
Timothy Sackton: Right well it's a little I mean so so.
Mike Sackton: But who knows.
Timothy Sackton: Well, be you would you would know this from growing up in Santa Barbara this area like you know, certainly it's a little bit unclear where exactly the play glands end right, but this this like southern edge of some bar like up as far north is like this.
David Schwartz: river joining.
Timothy Sackton: Is south of there is just like barren ash it's completely denuded of life, whether that extends all the way South down here, nobody knows, nobody is mapped it out so it's it's certainly.
Timothy Sackton: it's not inconceivable that the plague lands end somewhere around the words the plague lands right, and if you go far enough East you're still in desert but there's water flowing and you could have irrigation and farming.
Timothy Sackton: or the other possibility is here.
Timothy Sackton: Because this river that flows path to greatness Gandhi is.
Timothy Sackton: You know, does flow, all the way South in.
Timothy Sackton: Through the desert and said there's also why, though there and.
Mike Sackton: It didn't them monks, make it sound like they had seen the friendly friendly orcs.
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Mike Sackton: If you're isn't isn't down here like right where the dwarves are.
Mike Sackton: Empty enough that.
Timothy Sackton: The dwarves really stretch from like here to about.
Timothy Sackton: here.
i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Foreign foreign toto or Brisbane as strong as about the Center of the middle of the sort of northern kingdom.
Timothy Sackton: This far south is is like down here is like jungles and wilderness, and these mountains are not well settled nobody really knows much what's down there well be none of you certainly do whether arcs are living in this river that like probably you would have.
Timothy Sackton: heard rumors of them if they were this close but it's hard to say they're trying to stay hidden they were over here, you know it's.
Timothy Sackton: it's like you know 200 ish it's like 300 miles.
Timothy Sackton: To the stone house 200 miles to Carson it's not inconceivable that somebody could have.
Timothy Sackton: that's like the distance from pokhara that's much closer to the stone has been toker as.
Timothy Sackton: So if works were if they were fighting around here are some it's hard to say.
Timothy Sackton: possibly also there are places along.
Timothy Sackton: In the desert along the.
Timothy Sackton: This read the cartridge river, where I mean this is this used to be a river it's now dried up in places.
Mike Sackton: Whether there be an unknown oasis somewhere.
Timothy Sackton: There easily could be an unknown oasis like here right in the middle of the desert.
Timothy Sackton: So there's at least three possibilities that you can think of, based on your knowledge of local geography, where somebody could farm.
Timothy Sackton: In the desert but there's not really many more options other than those three.
Timothy Sackton: or magic I mean.
Timothy Sackton: Somehow.
Timothy Sackton: offer Austin.
Timothy Sackton: pov are growing raising chickens and goats in the desert and nobody ever asked how they managed to do that, but.
Timothy Sackton: But that's not a large scale operation that's not like fields and things that probably need an oasis in irrigation for for fields.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm the.
Mike Sackton: Only other question is the River completely dried up underground, as well as above ground do we know no idea, like in the real world there's plenty of places where there's a river that is basically dried up but actually is flowing underground and.
Timothy Sackton: Also entirely possible.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: underground.
Timothy Sackton: So that would imply anywhere along the Carter river could there could be enough water for farming.
Eric Rosenbaum: interested.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: The problem with that is there's not a specific place to go right it's hard for us to just kind of wander around looking for these these folks, but it does seem like they'd be valuable to find them.
Mike Sackton: for no other reason that might be allies against.
Mike Sackton: These crash orcs.
Timothy Sackton: So so have they're still sitting there, and he says, I you know, perhaps there is time for more planning in the morning at the moment.
Timothy Sackton: arm is gonna say some words to put to rest the four of our.
Timothy Sackton: companions who died.
Timothy Sackton: it's up to you, you did not know them, but if you would like to join us for a moment i'm sure it would be appreciated.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: will join.
Mike Sackton: Definitely yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: um separately, so the orcs are burning in this large large pyre but separately from from where the orcs are sort of for individual Pires have been set up kind of along the the Canyon wall south of where the camp was and on each one is a body that's been wrapped their gear.
Timothy Sackton: removed in and packed and i'm arm is sort of standing over each one.
Timothy Sackton: and speak some you know began to sort of speak of them popped ourselves a few words.
Timothy Sackton: You know, wishing them peace in their journey to our cash.
Timothy Sackton: To be blessed and.
Timothy Sackton: gathered by the gods.
Timothy Sackton: And then each.
Timothy Sackton: Fire is lit, in turn, and as our lights, the fire, he says a blessing to our gear to to gather their the souls of the departed and Donald and then takes.
Timothy Sackton: Collection these like.
Timothy Sackton: Little sort of like the little icons of the gods that you saw that amo was was gathering and.
Timothy Sackton: blesses each one, and then a raised them in front of the not so that the burn but just a little stand watch over the pyres as the flames burned down.
Timothy Sackton: And then pop star turns to speak, and you know he speaks.
Timothy Sackton: You know very kind of he was obviously close to everybody in his band, and he speaks with emotion about his memories of these four um.
Timothy Sackton: You know the times they traveled together the times they fought the times they saved each other's lives.
Timothy Sackton: And as the.
Timothy Sackton: flames sort of peak growing the strongest everybody sort of baz their head and a prayer and, and this is clearly a group that is you know, particularly devoted to argue they you know.
Timothy Sackton: arm is clearly like a priest or have some kind of holy warrior of his and you know many in this band seem to have a connection to the sort of where your spirit of his um.
Timothy Sackton: And as the.
Timothy Sackton: As the funeral winds down and people sort of dispersed to you know eat to take their evening meal as the sunsets.
Timothy Sackton: Have Dar comes over to you.
Timothy Sackton: And he's carrying a bow with him.
Timothy Sackton: And he turns to to you well be, and he says.
Timothy Sackton: Come on, the leader of our scouts one who died threading the orcs.
Timothy Sackton: carried this bow with him.
Timothy Sackton: There are not many of us who are archers.
Timothy Sackton: The two who are best with a bow are now dad.
Timothy Sackton: This both string and he loves the bow string and, as he touches that you can see some sparks start to spark as he, as he rubs it.
Timothy Sackton: Can light arrows on fire, as you shoot them.
Timothy Sackton: And I was wondering if you would.
Timothy Sackton: bear this weapon and come on as memory, it can be strong on any bow if you do not use the his bow was like a longbow like nearly your height this this bow may be.
Timothy Sackton: too large for you, but perhaps.
Timothy Sackton: You have your own weapon that you could.
restrain with us.
David Schwartz: Well, obviously it's an honor to carry it.
David Schwartz: I hope tonight you can tell me his story.
David Schwartz: story.
Timothy Sackton: And he turns you cancer and he says.
Timothy Sackton: I see you carry a done Marty spear.
Timothy Sackton: I wonder, I did not see you fighting with that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm still training.
Timothy Sackton: Is that a weapon you.
Timothy Sackton: will not.
Timothy Sackton: certainly would not seek to take something precious from anybody.
Timothy Sackton: But if that is not a weapon that you.
Timothy Sackton: Frequently use, perhaps I could trade you for it.
Timothy Sackton: And he holds out a ring.
Timothy Sackton: says it's a it's like a done it's not done Mario looks drink Korean it's old that has this like motif of a silver desert a silver hair kind of twisted around it and says.
Timothy Sackton: We found this many years ago.
Timothy Sackton: riding through some old forts.
Timothy Sackton: not sure who or what may have carried such an item, but if you were at.
Timothy Sackton: magic in this ring makes it very easy for you to spring great distances to leap and jump far higher than a normal person could.
Timothy Sackton: And I find I do not have much use for such a thing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: As as like classes in the sphere.
Timothy Sackton: And he has over the ring, he says, I hope we met each find.
Timothy Sackton: is maybe better suit our.
uses.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's a you know kinds of but puts it on the ring on.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kind of glances at well be well, we want to shoot some flaming arrows me later tonight.
David Schwartz: Absolutely.
Timothy Sackton: He says hugger says sort of.
Timothy Sackton: Not that you and says, I must eat with.
Timothy Sackton: eat with my warriors take comfort with them you're welcome to join us or speak amongst yourselves, and perhaps in the morning, we can.
Timothy Sackton: Have news from the scouts.
And you can make a decision as to which direction you will had.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Where do you think they're headed next, are you know you're.
Timothy Sackton: Waiting for news from our scouts.
Timothy Sackton: I think tonight, after a battle and in grief is not the time to make the decision.
Very good.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: Ring if you go on D amp D beyond its ring of jumping.
Timothy Sackton: llc you cast at well the jump spout on yourself, which triples your jump distance and if you spend a key for step of the wind that doubles your jump distance, which means you can go, you can jump six times your normal distance.
Timothy Sackton: holy shit so that would be, as you can.
Timothy Sackton: drop 20 feet.
Timothy Sackton: 20 feet in the air or 50 feet.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: horizontally yeah.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: bolstering is, I think I called it i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Like flaming.
Timothy Sackton: Let me make sure I can find it here.
Eric Rosenbaum: We get a comeback weeks to for those Games again.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah well what's the end of the Reagan TIM sorry rid of.
Timothy Sackton: jumping jumping flaming both string in parentheses short bow.
Timothy Sackton: That lets you shoot either a flaming arrows or arrows that explode in sparks or smoke, you can see, when you look at the item.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How do I find the item to.
Timothy Sackton: Go to manage equipment yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Like a search type ring of jumping.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There it is.
David Schwartz: So cool.
Timothy Sackton: So do you want to i'm happy to just fast forward to the morning unless there's anything you guys want to do.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah I want, I want to practice.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: will be shooting air flaming arrows that me and kenzo like jumping and trying to let them.
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe you could jump up and down off the top of the cliff we were to begin to be kind of ridiculous.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Know like we really need to practice like like well be shooting arrows that like 10s of redirects at like you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: enemies around or.
Eric Rosenbaum: You guys could practice some on that there's that stone pillar up at the top of the cliff.
Timothy Sackton: mm hmm.
Eric Rosenbaum: You just leap do a standing jump from the ground to the top of the pillar.
Eric Rosenbaum: While while being shot at and deflecting an arrow in mid flight yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But, but I mean.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like I think like well be, you should you should we need to start training, you know, so you should start shooting arrows I think like like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Just like every night, you know, we should we should just start or at dusk or at some appropriate time.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And we should train and you should shoot arrows like you should you know it's it's like it's like quarterback wide receiver in football, you know I mean it's like you're like shoot.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Not necessarily right at me but kind of like a little bit in front of me and then like heads oh can like run and jump.
Timothy Sackton: Unlike define like deflect them yeah yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, yeah yeah.
David Schwartz: love it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So so yeah so So how do we train for that TIM, or like How does that, like.
Timothy Sackton: I mean.
Timothy Sackton: Just practice it yeah you don't need to roll anything I would say, like, if you want to.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: yeah if you want to.
Timothy Sackton: You know, you know spend a little while practicing that and then, if you want to like shoot an arrow around a corner i'll give you a you know you can say you've practice doing it, and so you can it rather than.
Timothy Sackton: You know, having to.
Timothy Sackton: Normally you'd have to roll, to see if you reduce the damage to zero, but if well be aimed at right, you can just deflect it around a corner or something automatically.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What else should we do with this shorts I feel like it's like a like you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's like what.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, we can like shoot and kill things that he can see so around the corner thing seems kind of useful.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If, like 10s of is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Maybe we should just practice like arbitrarily, like you, arbitrarily like shooting arrows and kenza just deflecting them and all kinds of different angles and directions.
David Schwartz: yeah I think I think the 90 degree turn especially is.
Timothy Sackton: That seems like the one that's the most practically useful.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, all right well so let's just start so like you know at night, you guys see like.
You know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know it's like.
Timothy Sackton: Starting you flaming arrows go up into the sky and then.
Timothy Sackton: swing around.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How quickly, can you shoot.
Timothy Sackton: And that reminds me i've.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: forgotten, but I gotta tell.
Timothy Sackton: He.
Timothy Sackton: saw dmd beyond I send us an email but everybody should check the end beyond doesn't automatically.
Timothy Sackton: recharge your magic items when you take a long rest so like your.
Timothy Sackton: Pearl.
Timothy Sackton: Pearl power and.
Timothy Sackton: goggles that let you pass the data to fly and then also the boat now for you shorts and.
Timothy Sackton: Mike the Armor if you ever use those charges you'll have to remember to uncheck them when you take a long rest manual life.
just keep that in mind.
Timothy Sackton: um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How could we how well we will be shoot arrows like how like how many.
David Schwartz: Oh Nice.
David Schwartz: 1% return.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Return yeah.
David Schwartz: I just want to say.
David Schwartz: How does here deflect How does your redirect missile thing work, though.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: I mean like technically Sir certainly.
Timothy Sackton: I mean the way that it normally works is, if you.
Timothy Sackton: If you are hit by a ranged attack you can use a reaction to reduce the damage and if you reduce the damage to zero, you can spend a key to.
Timothy Sackton: throw the weapon back at whoever attack you.
Timothy Sackton: And what i'm saying is, if you if you guys practice, then you could instead, rather than having to.
Timothy Sackton: Roll to reduce the damage, I would say, you can just spend a key to redirect while bees arrow.
Timothy Sackton: in every direction okay cool are you still then would spit it still takes a reaction so you can only do it once.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: per turn.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: per turn Okay, can I can I redirect an arrow and then still do other attacks.
Timothy Sackton: yeah yeah because that's that's actually you just if you redirect well bs arrow and then somebody else shoots you an enemy, she would say you can't block you can't block their attack.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: there's gonna be okay we're gonna really have to clear some interesting geometries and D amp D beyond i'm just imagining like situations where like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, the you're like far away and, like you, literally like i'm like in melee combat and you shoot an arrow at me that i've been deflect like you know to like kill a guy that's like behind your head or something you know.
David Schwartz: that's amazing huh like to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: send you, you know, or if we're getting attacked from above, or even me like there could be some weird.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah Okay, this is exciting i'm excited to try this.
David Schwartz: hmm I love it well.
Timothy Sackton: So.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I was gonna suggest we take a little break right now, many.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Mike Sackton: We get a short break I would wait to try and stop by like midnight, though, just because of daylight savings, I really don't want to be in because he was an hour right.
Mike Sackton: He was an hour tonight, yes yeah.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: let's take a break.
Timothy Sackton: And, but.
Timothy Sackton: Not a very long break yeah and well yeah try and make some progress.
Eric Rosenbaum: sounds good.
hey i'm here yeah here's your.
David Schwartz: i'll be back in a SEC.
send you a message.
Eric Rosenbaum: justin steph brother.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
So.
Timothy Sackton: Everybody.
Timothy Sackton: We just pick up in the morning.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so you, you know you hang out you have have you know your dinner with with hop dance troupe and you hear stories about the for who died.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: You know, stay up kind of you know, with music and drinking and stuff a bit into the night guards are posted, obviously, but nobody expects any of you to watch.
Timothy Sackton: With the body is safely burns nothing terrible happens at night, maybe nothing terrible would have happened anyway.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: As the morning dawn's you you kind of go about the sort of routines of the camp cleaning up helping everybody get things fixed and settled.
Timothy Sackton: Down with you fall a little bit into your kind of so everybody go ahead and take a long rest on your character sheets as well, by the way.
Timothy Sackton: You know this is, this is a familiar routine to you from your long ago days and that elephant army falling a little bit back into your you know old quartermaster roles.
Timothy Sackton: You know, helping sort out camp and things like that.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: Until.
Timothy Sackton: You know, maybe mid morning, just before the you know the days really starts to get hot i'm a couple of hopped our scouts return.
Timothy Sackton: And, and then just a time, maybe i'll just sort of summarize briefly so basically the scouts come back there is a camp an Arc camp, the remains of an Arc camp, maybe.
Timothy Sackton: six miles seven miles north east of here i'm sort of following along the Canyon.
Timothy Sackton: which seems clearly where the orcs who attacked came from it, it was a large calf plenty of supplies um you know it's like.
Timothy Sackton: From there, it looks like they had come from the east.
Timothy Sackton: So that would be if we go back to.
um.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: So somewhere, you know the tracks sort of follow out this whale where they turn nobody followed them back on other scouts have been as far.
Timothy Sackton: South East as like the edge of the desert here not quite to the Reverend nobody's quite willing to go within sight of Carson but there's definitely signs of.
Timothy Sackton: of movement of you know movement here, but nothing recent.
Timothy Sackton: Whether there are.
Timothy Sackton: There doesn't seem none none of hot girl scouts have turned up any other.
Timothy Sackton: Large orc bands, the size of this which all told counting the dead bodies was 42 orcs.
Timothy Sackton: But there's definitely you know.
Timothy Sackton: Things have been moving around on the desert in a way that they may be, typically doubt and, of course, nobody really has seen any sign of the sort of undead.
Timothy Sackton: knows who headed off into the desert.
Timothy Sackton: But.
Timothy Sackton: Beyond this, this one.
Timothy Sackton: was one band, that was a lot of there's not no none of hot girl scouts come back with signs of any other large org bands.
Timothy Sackton: so hard ours take is you know.
Timothy Sackton: We kept the bad guys, it was a tough fight, but we won, and although he is planning on remaining here for another week or so, to make sure, nothing else materializes he is seeing this as a success.
Timothy Sackton: Is you know curious about these is cash orcs but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is he read about like giant or army in Carson.
Timothy Sackton: As long as they're attacking other orcs and not.
Timothy Sackton: done Bari no not particularly but he thinks it's important to keep a watch and so he's planning on arguing.
Timothy Sackton: To.
Timothy Sackton: That you know CARA was a little bit far back from the border and he thinks that there needs to be you know some more regular patrols.
Timothy Sackton: At least until chicagoans protection is restored and probably even after that.
Timothy Sackton: But beyond the next week he's not planning on spending his entire time trapping around the desert or.
Timothy Sackton: camped here he's just going to wait another week and then return but leave leave patrols and Ambassador leave guards Ambassador and aim to set up.
Timothy Sackton: A system of regular patrols as probably as far east as this Canyon area.
Timothy Sackton: So that's his take if there's any conversation, you want to have with them happy to role play that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Where do we go from here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He wants to go.
Timothy Sackton: Here yeah.
Rev. David (he/him): i'd be fine with going East or northeast or southeast.
Eric Rosenbaum: Some flavor of East.
Rev. David (he/him): I think we should go south to the monastery first that lets a skirt the city.
Rev. David (he/him): it's possible that whatever's in the city doesn't know about the monastery.
Rev. David (he/him): And it can give us a sense of whether it is safe or not to go into the city much as i'd like to go.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's recap, what do we know about the monastery.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, this is the place that an attempt was made 30 years ago.
Eric Rosenbaum: To something something blade of she might.
Timothy Sackton: Not necessarily at this monastery it was, but its associated with the group of monks who made that attempt.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I thought they were gonna like they all went there to do it there.
Eric Rosenbaum: They might have gone somewhere else.
Ah.
Timothy Sackton: offer us and Papa didn't really know.
Timothy Sackton: They they were young then that was 30 years ago right so well, they weren't too young but they had they were not they had sort of just become.
Timothy Sackton: masters right they had been apprentices for a while sort of wander I guess they didn't know the details of what happened, they knew something was attempted and it failed and lots of people died and they knew people used to go to the monastery regularly.
Timothy Sackton: And then they didn't.
Rev. David (he/him): The monasteries, like the seat of the order, though.
Timothy Sackton: It was the original back before the Great War, it was like the shock Kuhn monastery or the or the lock and monastery outside Tokyo, but for the for the mist I have beach.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I do like that I like the idea of going to the monastery to learn more because, again I think they're more we can understand, about the the game of the god feels like that it'd be useful if there's a way for us to learn more.
Eric Rosenbaum: verse heading straight for the say would say well portal.
Mike Sackton: Now.
Mike Sackton: I think we should not go into the other plans just yet.
um yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: there's me right.
Where.
Mike Sackton: There was no signs of other works right basically was the.
Eric Rosenbaum: towers again, those are fitness scouts.
Mike Sackton: So we're going to try and find so that suggests the US get shot either.
Mike Sackton: further east.
Mike Sackton: or.
Timothy Sackton: Nobody went as far as the River right.
Mike Sackton: or along the river.
Timothy Sackton: along the river further east yeah.
Mike Sackton: and well, but you are happy I like the idea of go, I mean, I think we should the monastery kind of makes sense.
Mike Sackton: If we can keep our eyes out maybe we could find the shard along the river, maybe we'd find them.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's interesting.
So.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But but doublet Carson is there any significance for you, is there any reason for us to go to.
Carson.
Mike Sackton: well.
Mike Sackton: Not.
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Mike Sackton: I think Carson I think we would learn a lot and Carson.
Mike Sackton: It seems like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It was like we might dialogue in Carson.
Mike Sackton: That was good to be by my next sentence.
It.
Mike Sackton: It seems quite dangerous but also.
Mike Sackton: Quite.
Mike Sackton: There is something there for sure.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Though with when you walk into a car song.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: At that time, already was not rush already under already controlling the city.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We didn't you have a broken in a city overtaken by orcs how did you escape indeed you have any memory of us.
Timothy Sackton: You don't remember actually being in the city you the the image that you have of where you landed was.
Mike Sackton: Outside the gates right.
Timothy Sackton: standing on a.
Timothy Sackton: bridge.
Timothy Sackton: The gates of the city behind you like to.
Timothy Sackton: A gates made made of like red in and yellow sandstone forming with to two horses rearing up forming and above the gates and then.
Timothy Sackton: Like a road leading away from the city in front of you city behind you.
Mike Sackton: So I never actually I was not in Carson proper.
Mike Sackton: I was on the.
Mike Sackton: I was on the the outskirts.
Rev. David (he/him): Clear the.
Rev. David (he/him): That the city is filled with quarks mean it's possible that could be a small handful.
Yes.
Timothy Sackton: monastery.
Mike Sackton: Can.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You see my thing.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I decided that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: alright.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: monastery.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so.
Timothy Sackton: it's about 85 miles to to Carson and just a bit further south along the river to the monastery um.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: You know, this is probably.
Timothy Sackton: Three days, if you push it or more like three and a half to four if you try and move sort of slowly and cautiously.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: From half guard scouts you get the sense there's not much moving in the desert.
So.
Timothy Sackton: You know, are you.
Timothy Sackton: What pace, you want to go out here.
Mike Sackton: I would go quickly.
Eric Rosenbaum: We can pause morale outside of the monastery read have a look also.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: are many there are.
Timothy Sackton: Plenty of scouting you can do yeah it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: should be, because we have no idea what is there right, we have no, we have no I just as we're kind of traveling there right it's like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What we.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like to see there do we are there is, or should we once we get closer should be a.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know, be a little bit more stealthy about how we get a head into the city or heading to the monastery.
Rev. David (he/him): I think so because it's not impossible that we may have to swing widely around the city and come up from the south.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is it.
Rev. David (he/him): may be trouble first the travel fast, the first couple of days and then yeah okay.
Mike Sackton: Very cool.
Timothy Sackton: yeah so you cover you cover maybe 60 miles between the rest of the leaving after the hardest part of the day, so getting in three four hours of travel into the night here saying farewell to have Dr he he does you I mean he'll be here for another week so if you.
Timothy Sackton: Are back he'd be happy to traveled West with you um.
Timothy Sackton: If not, he expects to see you back in Carson.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Back in carolyn.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry, back in Kerala yeah.
Timothy Sackton: mom gives you our gears blessing, as you.
Timothy Sackton: Leave and everybody, you know.
Timothy Sackton: Everybody grateful that you showed up, but now relatively confident that there's not much lurking at least between here and here.
Timothy Sackton: Right, the edge of the so the like right here is basically the northern edge of the really barren sandy desert, as opposed to these sort of Kenyan lands or there's still some water and scrubbing things.
Timothy Sackton: I actually.
Mike Sackton: Should we go, I mean we could go really wide and actually go south of significantly South and then come back to the minus because that would also let us scout around the southern the river.
Mike Sackton: right if we, the monasteries like right here, right.
Mike Sackton: it's like right there kind of where that little.
Mike Sackton: Little bodice.
Timothy Sackton: yeah it's based I mean.
Mike Sackton: Maybe a little bit it's.
Timothy Sackton: I mean it's so close.
Timothy Sackton: it's like inside the the marketing of care what it's I mean it's not.
Mike Sackton: writing.
Timothy Sackton: The map scale is such that it's not it's just Carol.
Mike Sackton: Right right right.
Timothy Sackton: like this whole this whole.
Timothy Sackton: tower is much bigger than the city of cars on itself, so the top of the towers car side in the middle, the bottom of the Tower is.
Mike Sackton: But if we went like here.
Mike Sackton: yeah he stayed on this side of the.
Mike Sackton: And then white cross the River there and then came back up this way.
Timothy Sackton: yeah right yeah you could do that approach, the monastery from the south yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Doing that knowingly would require getting close enough to the city to see it for across the river, I suppose, but because we're estimating the distances, but.
Mike Sackton: I mean we it would be hard for us to completely.
Timothy Sackton: Why you wouldn't know exactly how far you have shot it by, but if you travel three full days south.
Eric Rosenbaum: Ross the River yeah you're.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: That should work that's true yeah.
Mike Sackton: yeah why don't we do that okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm also a.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Very careful that as we get closer to Carson that there may be like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: increasing concentration of like putting you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or Dudes that are going to want to kill us and you know, bring us to a brushes dinner table.
Mike Sackton: I also want to keep an eye out for signs of water like trees on the horizon or.
Mike Sackton: Things like that that would suggest that maybe there's.
Mike Sackton: Maybe there's water somewhere right here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, and then looking on the ones.
Rev. David (he/him): And TIM, can I finish training baxter in these last few days, but where we start sneaking.
Timothy Sackton: um yeah give me an animal handling check.
Timothy Sackton: yeah over between you know the to the next couple of days you definitely get enough training and that you can ride him now fully trained him out.
Rev. David (he/him): wow.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you to train them to improve I mean right now he's pretty skittish and combat So if you tried to ride him into battle he'd probably run away.
Timothy Sackton: But you can write them up to battle and then leap off to fight, if you want to continue to train them, you can get them used to it, you can get them doing tricks, or you know used to enough comfortable enough to actually ride into combat.
Rev. David (he/him): But he's up next thing for him is.
Rev. David (he/him): Is comfortable shooting from well mounted.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, so just let it flaming areas.
Timothy Sackton: Right get them get them used to fire.
Playing.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I would say at the moment that would be you'd have a chance of spooking him if you tried to shoot, but you could certainly try um but yes, you can continue to train him to get better at that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh God.
Timothy Sackton: yeah go ahead, I was just say you can certainly ride him.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And kenzo you know throughout throughout all these travels is betting like the time throughout the day training like working on jump training, working on.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah yeah he just like kind of those just like randomly will like to start running and just like jumping secret button bar in really high, just like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Pushing pushing away.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He thinks that he can do.
Rev. David (he/him): As part of baxter's training for shooting wall mounted every so often i'll just go pick kenzo watch out and shoot an arrow at.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All that's totally fine yeah denzel loves it he's like.
Timothy Sackton: And you can like I mean X, is not that tall and bobby's not that tall, so you can just jump straight over them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh yeah yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Totally.
Timothy Sackton: redirect the arrow from above Bobby suited straight up into the sky.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, and if they're like weird rock formation and sort of like the thing behind the like you know, like kenzo kenza basically try start practicing like you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like a nature park or except like jumping like 50 feet in the air, like so like like that outcropping behind you like seeing if he can like like run really fast and then like jump you know and just started like leaping from rock to rock.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Okay yeah i'm.
Eric Rosenbaum: At the campfire each day seeker makes an elaborate blown glass.
Eric Rosenbaum: sort of like.
Eric Rosenbaum: Collection of connected orbs looks a little bit like what we would see as a molecule but it's almost more like a mentor planner or read.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Very cool good.
Timothy Sackton: um so you spend.
Timothy Sackton: The afternoon that you leave camp and then the next two days i'm.
Timothy Sackton: traveling south, as you know, quickly, as you can pushing yourself, maybe hitting 30 miles a day.
Timothy Sackton: You know all on horses you've got your you've got supplies again from home are you able to refill your many water skins from the oasis he was camped out things like that um.
Timothy Sackton: You know the terrain, is the same sort of like Kenyan lands there's the occasional spa spring, you can refill your water at scrub.
Timothy Sackton: dry and hot every all the vegetation is pretty much dead there's a lot of the springs are dried up.
Timothy Sackton: Very little animal life, mostly just you know vultures and the occasional desert hawks soaring high in the sky and every now and then you'll see the dried bleach bones of a large lizard or something like that.
Timothy Sackton: But you're now sort of coming in May to the hottest dry as part of the year before the fun.
Timothy Sackton: Summer thunderstorms arrive, and so, everything is Brown and dormant um.
Timothy Sackton: So after traveling nearly 60 miles kind of scoop session with that actually we don't really need that please square because the exodus there but.
Timothy Sackton: So after traveling.
Come on.
Timothy Sackton: After traveling yeah about 60 miles, the next day you continue salads but maybe only going 25 or so miles not pushing yourself quite as hard and now you're heading into the sort of.
Timothy Sackton: The real desert desert, I mean this is the barren barren sands pretty much everything's dry there's no life there's no plants is just rock and sand.
Timothy Sackton: As you as you sort of cross that transition point which is just about parallel with Carson this sort of transition point between the more hospitable desert and just open expansive sense.
Timothy Sackton: So going as a little bit slower here um you know it's kind of hard you can't really conceal yourself very well you've got you know with your horses and your gear and just traveling across the sand there's not.
Timothy Sackton: Much you can do, but you're at least keeping a sharp eye out for anything that might be moving.
Timothy Sackton: And really it's even more barren and dry.
Timothy Sackton: Then, then what you've been passing through before and on the now let's see 1234 on the fifth day of since you left camp, including the day you left camp um.
Timothy Sackton: As the morning sun rises and you.
Timothy Sackton: begin to turn East looking to find the.
Timothy Sackton: Carter river.
Timothy Sackton: And or the dry river and search for signs of water and then turn north of the monastery and while we can you give me a survival check.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: You travel for.
Timothy Sackton: Most of the day.
Timothy Sackton: Before.
Timothy Sackton: coming to a.
Timothy Sackton: A drop like the the.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: turning into desert just sort of drops out underneath from you and below you, you see the expanse of a dry riverbed i'm running North north, south.
Timothy Sackton: There is nothing growing here.
Timothy Sackton: Why don't you give me perception checks.
Everyone.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Rev. David (he/him): Yes, he.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: sees all.
Rev. David (he/him): Well, be without his hat really it's just thrown.
Rev. David (he/him): sizes is.
Rev. David (he/him): not good.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: You it's now it's late in the day, as you reach the river.
Timothy Sackton: REACH this river bad that kind of the the East, the Western side seems to be higher than the eastern side, and so you you come up on the sort of banks of this dry riverbed looking around north, south.
Timothy Sackton: You can see in the sort of as the sun is now beginning to get low in the sky and.
Timothy Sackton: You know the the heat of the day is beginning to pass the haze clears a little bit and you do see far to the south, what seems like it could be trees.
Timothy Sackton: A.
Timothy Sackton: You know, like like it's like that just that, like little patch of something something dark that's not.
Timothy Sackton: Looking North um you can see the you know the cliffs continue along the sides.
Timothy Sackton: You don't see.
Timothy Sackton: The city or the monastery, but it must be somewhere up there, to the north.
Timothy Sackton: And as you be as you set your camp.
Timothy Sackton: down in the shelter of the valley, you can you, you can almost smell, you can tell that there's water somewhere right, even though everything's dry and dusty there's just this sort of.
Timothy Sackton: feeling in the air that there's a few like little pieces of like little bits of.
Timothy Sackton: Like woody shrubs kind of growing up in the shelter of the of the bluffs.
Timothy Sackton: You know it definitely has a feeling like this dry riverbed is not entirely dry.
Eric Rosenbaum: would be a geological situation.
Timothy Sackton: So I mean I guess it's you who has this feeling right so like there you know, this is, this is probably there's probably at least some whether the river is flowing underwater underground or whether.
Timothy Sackton: You know, there are just like you know places where the groundwater is close enough to the surface, to bubble up and be reached by roots um it definitely seems like there is probably more life in this river valley than would be implied from the.
Timothy Sackton: You know from the dryness that the cliff face on your left is definitely you know is water carved right so.
Timothy Sackton: The rocks on the western Bank are harder than the rocks on the eastern bank so presumably at one point, this river would flood the East.
Timothy Sackton: During the rains and this was likely pretty decent farmland now of course it doesn't flood, although it may still flow after thunderstorms.
Timothy Sackton: And you can see where the water carved you know, the way that the annual floods would carve out the the rocks on the hard rock hard sands done on the on the West and sort of wash across the gravel planes to the east.
Timothy Sackton: But it's I mean it's been dry for a while, it seems.
Timothy Sackton: hundreds of years, probably.
Timothy Sackton: Presumably, dating from the upheavals after the great water.
Timothy Sackton: So next day you turn north.
Timothy Sackton: Or do you want to go for the trees.
Mike Sackton: I was just wondering if we should go south.
Eric Rosenbaum: And why so.
Mike Sackton: wow we might find that who's.
Mike Sackton: who's gosh whatever they're called.
Eric Rosenbaum: We really need to talk to peaceful works.
Mike Sackton: It might know something.
Mike Sackton: The real reason I want to talk to them is to find out if they've lost their God to.
Rev. David (he/him): hundreds of miles east of here or north of here.
Mike Sackton: They could this could be a wild goose chase, which is why i'm not so sure it's the right thing to do.
Eric Rosenbaum: area that appears to be trees to this could just be.
Eric Rosenbaum: Some trees.
It could exactly.
Eric Rosenbaum: But it could be settled always any.
Eric Rosenbaum: traces of.
Eric Rosenbaum: Fires anywhere now.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean, like in the sky like drills.
Timothy Sackton: Oh um.
Timothy Sackton: yeah it's I mean now with the setting sun it's a bit hard to.
Timothy Sackton: See if there's any I mean nothing that you can see.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Certainly no large fires anywhere if there were small not super smoky campfires or something, then.
Timothy Sackton: The smoke trial they left might not be very visible in the.
Timothy Sackton: depends on which direction they were right.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know which way would smoke would be more visible into the Center away from the sun.
Timothy Sackton: But you don't see any obvious smoke.
Timothy Sackton: signals in the sky or smoke trials from fires in the sky.
Eric Rosenbaum: let's stick to the plan to.
Rev. David (he/him): Continue the monastery yeah.
Mike Sackton: I think that's a.
lot of start.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So you turn north, the next morning following.
Timothy Sackton: Following the drive river.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: Now I assume traveling you know quietly and it's definitely, as you can.
Timothy Sackton: The geology stays largely constant as you head North the.
Timothy Sackton: You know the cliffs on the on the left, sometimes dropping lower sometimes rising higher the gravel fly planes across stretching out to your right.
Timothy Sackton: By late morning you still find yourself.
Timothy Sackton: i'm unsure of how far north Carson is and resting for a moment in the sun.
Timothy Sackton: coming out of the sun in the shade of the bluff walls.
Timothy Sackton: Until.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe.
Timothy Sackton: Three four in the afternoon, a few hours after you've started up again, you see.
Timothy Sackton: The first thing that you can see, on the horizon to the north.
Timothy Sackton: Is what looks like.
Timothy Sackton: The side of an enormous statue.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nice.
Timothy Sackton: Like 60 feet tall.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like hands, I can jump over it.
Timothy Sackton: If we're lying flat on the ground, yes, but it's going straight into the sky you can't jump that by.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can jump vertically 20 feet.
Timothy Sackton: So you can jump something like 12 feet and then you can read something 20 feet up just by reaching out your arm.
Timothy Sackton: And you can jump 50 feet.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Vertical.
Timothy Sackton: said i'm telling me and horizontally.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Our core is what 10 is like Canada wants to be able to like you know yeah.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: So this, this is just it's like the top of the stack of a statue poking up on the horizon, on the on these bluffs.
Timothy Sackton: And as you continue you see now ahead of you in the distance.
Timothy Sackton: The City of Carson.
Timothy Sackton: And closer than this so.
Timothy Sackton: Let me just let me see if I can set the scene so.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe 10 miles north of here.
Timothy Sackton: The City of carbs on itself lying in this sort of.
Timothy Sackton: not directly in the floodplain but on the on the you're right on the eastern side, much of it and rubble it's far enough away that you can't really discern details um.
Timothy Sackton: You see, directly ahead of you again, this is all about 10 miles away so everything's kind of just fuzzy in the distance right it's like it's like you know the view of of Boston from that hill on route to right you're just looking far away you're not really seeing a lot i'm.
Timothy Sackton: The but you do see the bridge.
Timothy Sackton: dealt with where you believe you first appeared.
Timothy Sackton: And then, a row along the bluffs on your left of.
Timothy Sackton: it's hard to know how to describe the monuments temples tombs something in each one of them is different in architecture and form but they share a few similarities, so all of them have designs that are.
Timothy Sackton: There almost like step pyramids, but they have 555 staircases leading up to a platform between.
Timothy Sackton: 30 and 6070 feet off the ground.
Timothy Sackton: So shaped like.
Timothy Sackton: Some of them are sort of shaped like stars, basically, where each point of the star is a staircase that leads up like that some of them are more complex with.
Timothy Sackton: With like spiral spiral designs where these arms are curved coming around sloping sweeping up.
Timothy Sackton: there's 12 of them in total watching over the river, the largest of which is has sat on top of that, the statue that you could see in the distance i'm statue of a woman.
Timothy Sackton: Her face.
Timothy Sackton: you're looking at her saw that her in profile i'm.
Timothy Sackton: kneeling with her with her hands out in front of for like this and attempt big enough statues that there's a full temple sat in between her hands.
Timothy Sackton: Most of the Rasul are.
Timothy Sackton: are smaller.
Timothy Sackton: Although another near the the one with the statue of the woman.
Timothy Sackton: is also nearly that tall rate raising maybe.
Timothy Sackton: At 90 feet off the floor of the cliffs on which it's sat on this one has sort of a double pyramid so there's like step pyramid comes to a platform and then there's more another sort of five sided structure with stairs.
Timothy Sackton: twisting up like this and then a final structure on the top so someone's like a three layer i'm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: TIM, who are the who are the people like I like i'm presuming there, there are they Denmark gods are they where are there.
Timothy Sackton: So i'm the.
Timothy Sackton: don't the only one that has a statue of a person, a large statue a person is the dealing woman who you recognize as beach.
Mike Sackton: Oh, is this the monastery.
Timothy Sackton: that's to your left on you're right about three miles four miles from here so maybe.
Timothy Sackton: Say maybe five miles from here, maybe three miles south of the.
Timothy Sackton: Of the city.
Timothy Sackton: is another building.
Timothy Sackton: Complex of buildings.
Timothy Sackton: A temple shrine type thing that reminds me a little bit, at least from a distance of the temple Avatar Kuhn, like.
Timothy Sackton: columnar pillars at the entrance and then too tall towers standing out from the grounds other details can't be discerned from this distance then beyond that, in between that in the city um there is let's see it's.
Timothy Sackton: Four in the afternoon so there's a there is a.
Timothy Sackton: Building.
Timothy Sackton: or Fort of some kind of a.
Timothy Sackton: walls and twisting twisting walls, a sort of.
Timothy Sackton: Almost Warren like Fort being constructed.
Timothy Sackton: It seems to be four fifths finished and you can see that there's some activity around it at the moment.
Timothy Sackton: And then further north from there is the city itself, and so this the elevation is such that the these 12.
Timothy Sackton: monuments, the step pyramids with statues, and things are high up sort of looking down across the water and then there's the planes and then the planes the floodplains begin to slope up.
Timothy Sackton: Gradually, and so the presumably monastery the fort under construction and the ruin city itself or all sat i'm on the sort of upslope of this floodplain.
Timothy Sackton: You are certainly far enough away that you know, nobody has seen you are as aware of you, maybe.
Timothy Sackton: Seven to 10 miles from the city.
Timothy Sackton: um there is.
Timothy Sackton: You know, other than the activity, you know the sort of bustling activity that you can vaguely sense in the distance there are little.
Timothy Sackton: activity, the terrain, except as is common the occasional desert Hawk flying overhead searching for a lizard or a hair to swoop down and eat.
Timothy Sackton: So i'll pause there if there's anything you want to do before you approach closer.
Rev. David (he/him): You see, the spyglass and look at the what's the fourth thing that's being built see if there's any more detail it's evil.
Timothy Sackton: i'm making a perception check.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: So it's.
Timothy Sackton: yeah it's it's it's a little bit hard to describe it's um.
Timothy Sackton: You know, it seems to be.
Timothy Sackton: Like a Fort basically but it's all sort of twisty and and you know there's the outer walls you can't see beyond the outer walls, but it's not just like a nice circle right it's like a little bit sticking out there's like little bits going in.
Timothy Sackton: And it seems like there are.
Timothy Sackton: humanoids at this distance is impossible to tell what they what humanoids they are carding stone from the city.
Timothy Sackton: From the ruins of the city like taking the the stone from the city to build this for whatever it is there's definitely people humanoids actively.
Timothy Sackton: working on it, not a lot, you can you count maybe.
Timothy Sackton: 20 or so.
Timothy Sackton: People moving in the landscape, half of which are hauling a.
Timothy Sackton: You know lined up in rows right so 10 little little rows of these tiny dots pulling on a sledge with giant blocks of stone.
Eric Rosenbaum: Everything is set in stone.
Timothy Sackton: yeah everything's sandstone.
Timothy Sackton: it's all like reds and golds.
Rev. David (he/him): birds overhead or.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: there's like you know there's as I just said, a second ago there's like a desert talk flying ahead there's you know there's always a few vultures very high up in the sky.
Rev. David (he/him): can be sense into a flyby of the whole area and.
Timothy Sackton: yeah if you if you.
Eric Rosenbaum: All.
Timothy Sackton: can attract a bird.
yeah.
Rev. David (he/him): All right, oh see if I can get one to come down and chat with us.
Eric Rosenbaum: Some of his best friends.
Timothy Sackton: I mean they're all pretty high up right now, you need some sort of lower.
Rev. David (he/him): there's a big flighted flightless division like there's a lot of antagonism there.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I would say.
Timothy Sackton: I mean basically everybody's out searching for food right, you need some sort of.
Rev. David (he/him): We still have taster.
Eric Rosenbaum: and
Timothy Sackton: You do have to have tasty.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: tasty close.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: tissues with us.
Oh yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Crucial party member.
Mike Sackton: How far away, are this actress.
Timothy Sackton: So they stretch from a little bit north to a little bit south of the city, so the the closest one is maybe.
Timothy Sackton: Like five miles away.
Mike Sackton: we're still.
Eric Rosenbaum: Learning it's the.
Mike Sackton: sign of the statues and monuments and is the statue of.
Mike Sackton: Fish ma like near the city.
Timothy Sackton: it's one of the ones that sort of in the middle yeah so there's 12 of them going north to south, and that that one is probably.
Timothy Sackton: As hard to write you know because of the way they line up it's hard to tell exactly but it's definitely sort of in the middle yeah here is.
Eric Rosenbaum: This bridge.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is this like overall like layout and architecture like surprising to see.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like a look at the temples.
Timothy Sackton: um It is certainly unusual I mean.
Timothy Sackton: I mean you've heard you in the time you spent in in tollcross seeker, given your interest in your family's history with architecture, you would have you would have heard of the you know of like the you know.
Timothy Sackton: You know Carson has no tombs the like this is the place where the original dynasty that founded donmar all of the rulers are.
Timothy Sackton: buried here, and so this is not.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean this is.
Timothy Sackton: This is it definitely unusual in a grand sense of the word, but also from your familiar and kenza would be familiar as well with this from.
Timothy Sackton: Having spent time in the lock in monastery well being endowed with you would have this would be very surprising to you, but kenzo and and seeker, you would have read or know about this feature of Carson.
Eric Rosenbaum: monuments ancient.
Timothy Sackton: yeah so they date back to.
Timothy Sackton: Well, but like so the original founding of donmar which was like 600 years before the Great War.
Timothy Sackton: So this was the first.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: To see.
Timothy Sackton: You know the first 200 years or so, have.
Timothy Sackton: have done more, so that would be you know.
Timothy Sackton: You know, like the last one would be like.
Timothy Sackton: 250 200 years before the Great War so like 400 years ago, so not hugely ancient in the scheme of things, but certainly not recent.
Mike Sackton: Like that okay.
Timothy Sackton: So you're trying to lower down a Hawk.
Rev. David (he/him): Yes, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah we have we have seen meat or something.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you've got like driving me NUTS so make a make an animal handling check.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah holy shit.
Timothy Sackton: So um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, my God.
Timothy Sackton: This particular Hawk is quite seems to be quite hungry and you start laying out like little strips of.
Timothy Sackton: You know strips of meat and back off a little bit and it dies down it sort of follows you've laid out a trail and it kind of follows them.
Timothy Sackton: to your hand kind of wrapping at the meet and kind of stands there eating out of your hand looking up at you.
Rev. David (he/him): So not looking for me very much so, because this talk is probably like two feet tall.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, like barely.
Rev. David (he/him): um i'm gonna ask it, if I can look out of its eyes for a while.
Timothy Sackton: and agree it's, thank you for the food and agrees.
awesome.
Rev. David (he/him): let's see.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: cool.
Rev. David (he/him): i'll say i'll say to the rest of you, I may be a little out of it for a bit.
well protected.
Rev. David (he/him): yeah.
Rev. David (he/him): Well, definitely take me with you, if you have to go.
Rev. David (he/him): And then, all i'll.
Rev. David (he/him): Do.
Rev. David (he/him): East sense.
Timothy Sackton: Well, be spends a while.
Timothy Sackton: flying over the land.
We.
Timothy Sackton: And comes back.
Timothy Sackton: And furiously sketches.
Timothy Sackton: A map.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh yes.
Timothy Sackton: So you are this here is the is the oops I need this this here is the is the monastery.
Eric Rosenbaum: The woman oh.
Timothy Sackton: No, this, this is the, this is the woman the statue of the woman, these are the monuments.
Rev. David (he/him): stretched out here.
Timothy Sackton: On this I think I set the scale, so this is correct in miles yes.
Timothy Sackton: So you are, this is the fort that's, this is the fourth that's under construction, this is the city itself i'll tell you what you see in the city in a minute, this is the monastery you're you're now another three miles south of this point.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is that bridge where where does appear.
Timothy Sackton: That bridges were doubtless appeared yes.
Timothy Sackton: wow so the city itself is large, and the thing that strikes you most about the city flying over and from an aerial view is both.
Timothy Sackton: It is clearly a city of monumental architecture and it's also a city that has been looted many times.
Timothy Sackton: So the entire like northern half seems to have been.
Timothy Sackton: Like most of the northern parts of the walls are just gone.
Timothy Sackton: Most of the buildings are are just foundations and it looks like stone has been carted away like it's not just rubble it's not things have fallen it's that it's that you know the sandstone was quarried and taken somewhere.
Timothy Sackton: You can see like the like the little bits like edge of a dock like up here where there used to be, you know apart like there's some foundations around here what was presumably like the sort of warehouses and and and maybe the.
Timothy Sackton: Areas where people were many of the people who didn't live here permanently but pass through and and settled for a season with live, but again everything sort of to the north, has been sort of cleared out in the very Center of the city, there is what looks like a palace.
Timothy Sackton: surrounded by its own walls that's right here, that seems to be actually in quite good shape.
Timothy Sackton: But it also is dark like unusually dark like it seems to be like shadow seems to cling to it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is there, like any large aerial spelling that says a crush on it like crush everything like.
Timothy Sackton: There is between the gates here the horse the gates with the prancing horses and the.
Timothy Sackton: And the palace like right about here in this clear space there's a large Plaza.
Timothy Sackton: That has you know, a couple statues that have been knocked over and then behind the palace does another large Plaza onto which a temple a large template like similar an architecture like five sided temple with an entry way as the.
Timothy Sackton: As the temple and caramel but much, much, much, much bigger like hundreds of feet across again everything monumental and scale here.
Timothy Sackton: Again sort of ruins over here and then this part of the city here there is what looks like used to be a stadium.
Timothy Sackton: Like a large again like you know thousand feet or more, maybe 2000 feet long.
Timothy Sackton: like an enormous oval Coliseum.
Timothy Sackton: Again, not in horrible shape.
Timothy Sackton: There are, and then the one part of the city that seems like and then this this part as well over here seems to be where people have been taking.
Timothy Sackton: Especially from the walls, like the walls here and the walls here seem to have been recently being taken apart, and this is what's being dragged to this growing Fort here.
Timothy Sackton: This part of the city, the southwest part of the city is the only part that's still seems reasonably intact and you see small squares.
Timothy Sackton: You see, you can see from the air, although it'd be very hard to see this from the ground what looks like there were once canals that ran from the River here like into this part of the city and then back out.
Timothy Sackton: And you can see what looks like um you know.
Timothy Sackton: Like water works.
Timothy Sackton: forges smithies things like that, and a fairly substantial barracks and stables just on the outside of the walls.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And things like.
Timothy Sackton: So there are orcs carrying stone back and forth, you can see more orcs in this Fort i'm probably.
Timothy Sackton: Less than 100 and total but more than.
Timothy Sackton: Not a massive horde but not a.
Timothy Sackton: You know the the the if it was like 40 ish orcs that were sent out by um.
Timothy Sackton: You know that attack top drives down that would have been a significant fraction of their of their warriors but there's not nobody left.
Timothy Sackton: In the city itself.
Timothy Sackton: You see, the occasional orc going into this park but otherwise nothing moves.
Timothy Sackton: Like with your.
Timothy Sackton: eagle eyes, not even a lizard there's nothing moving inside.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This how many total orcs as well, we see listening.
Timothy Sackton: Most of the orcs are in this Fort and moving back and forth from the walls right there like constructing the fork and but parts of it are being lifted and so.
Timothy Sackton: it's hard to count exactly because they're moving around their clustered in the fort there's like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No hundred thousands.
Timothy Sackton: More than more than 30 less than a.
Eric Rosenbaum: Week.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um.
Timothy Sackton: Well, the as you're like kind of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Drawing this map if i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry go ahead.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: guys say that you know, while the as you're kind of drawing this map out and describing what you see.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What where's the law.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: will be.
Rev. David (he/him): A.
Timothy Sackton: driver he wants it yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well Kansas like so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He kind of looks over at baxter.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: might be good to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: keep this one around yeah if you can.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That seems to be like the single most valuable thing that you've done the whole time i've known, you will be.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like.
Rev. David (he/him): I distinctly remember helping you sober up kenza.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean.
Eric Rosenbaum: I will put that one time was.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But been in seriousness, I mean if you're I had no idea, you could do this, this is this is amazing this this feels incredibly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: incredibly valuable.
Rev. David (he/him): We came to an understanding and then agreement with each other, the Hawk and me.
Rev. David (he/him): So i'll let him go once he's done his part but do this again tomorrow.
Though.
Timothy Sackton: Is there anything you want more detail on besides whatever and then there's the monuments here, which I already sort of described so there's three that are substantially larger there's this one, which is the the.
Timothy Sackton: beach my monument does this one, which is the like three tiered one and then there's this one, which is the one for this to the north um and is large.
Timothy Sackton: But seems unfinished.
Timothy Sackton: Like it's designed to be bigger than at least as big as as this one, but there's a statue on top, that is um.
Timothy Sackton: hastily and in precisely finished and it looks like they're supposed to be some sort of building resting near the statue that was never built it seems incomplete.
Rev. David (he/him): Right, we can.
Eric Rosenbaum: move on to the Pantheon here.
Timothy Sackton: yeah so this one is beach ma.
Timothy Sackton: um but, in general, these aren't monuments of God, these are terms of.
Timothy Sackton: rulers.
Timothy Sackton: But some of them do have a.
Timothy Sackton: Do you have like shrines to the gods on them like this one, the three tiered one the middle tier that you can see now.
Timothy Sackton: Well, be flying as a Hawk with your sharp vision has a statue of each of the five divine siblings arrayed at the top of each one of the staircases that forms the step pyramid.
Timothy Sackton: Another one let's see.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: seven which one is that is locker around like a chicken.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, no you don't see any.
Timothy Sackton: statues to you don't see any I mean lock as one of the five siblings so.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So the that one, of course, has the this one here that has one statue of each of the five siblings that is a statue of luck and then.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: This one that's sort of isolated on this point, seems to be particularly devoted to on here so there's a.
Timothy Sackton: It has the the the.
Timothy Sackton: spear point motif that you found that flame the spear point with continual flame a while ago that's our gears motif and i'm you know, has a large trying to augie are kind of on top of it but it's not as grand scale as these three that are bigger.
Rev. David (he/him): So i'm assuming that all of these are sort of.
Rev. David (he/him): From antiquity, but are there any of them that are more recent than you know the last hundred years, maybe.
Timothy Sackton: So no none of these are recent certainly nothing, you can see i'm asked him to be relatively old on this, this one beach was certainly is in better some of them are in relatively bad shape like they haven't really been very well Ted did this one.
Timothy Sackton: is not like there's not like people working on it obviously it doesn't seem like it's been tested recently, but it seems to have had more upkeep same with this one, and this one.
Timothy Sackton: And this one and um.
Timothy Sackton: And also.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, one of these ones, down to the south, so there's a few that seem like they've they've had some more sort of regular attention, but not all of them, and none within the past few hundred years, probably.
Mike Sackton: It would be useful if you can scout.
Mike Sackton: A path to the monastery that stays out of sight of the fort.
Rev. David (he/him): So, yes to that and then i'm also curious about like the riverbed and the aqua ducks and waterworks like if we wanted to get into the city from the monastery.
Rev. David (he/him): Would that be a way to do it out of sight like could we follow the riverbed up and then cut through the aqua ducks into the walls.
Timothy Sackton: Right so.
Timothy Sackton: Okay touting.
Timothy Sackton: Interesting guarding the waterworks first um so, of course, the issue is that this is not a river anymore it's just dry ground and.
Timothy Sackton: This is like the this like you know.
Timothy Sackton: Half mile or so up to the fort basically is just.
Timothy Sackton: gravel barren gravel floodplains no shelter know and then it begins to rise, a little bit in the fourth is sort of right as the grab begins to slope up.
Timothy Sackton: north of the city, the floodplains extend even further, like the extent miles and actually south of the monastery the flood plans extend much further east as well, so basically you know.
Timothy Sackton: there's a bit of a hill that kind of goes from.
Timothy Sackton: From sort of here that this city is sitting on and that then runs along the line that hits the fort and then back to here, but then it turns East and there's just kind of floodplain so.
Timothy Sackton: If you headed your best path to the monastery would be to head three four miles East from here, and then approach on the backside of that hill rather than go up the river.
Timothy Sackton: And that would probably be a relatively protected path from the fort um but getting from there to the city would be very tricky.
Timothy Sackton: Just because this is all kind of just flat open floodplains and the the fort worth position has a good watch.
Timothy Sackton: Both the approaches, north and south along the river and also the approach directly east, the only thing it doesn't have a good view of is like right down here like the SE right on the edge of this like little lip that the monastery is doing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So it was still just kind of float away that, right now, well, he is like like scouting as a hot, are you like, are you able to like talk a little bit as your scouting.
Rev. David (he/him): Just sort of flip back and forth, so I think.
Timothy Sackton: You can flip back and forth as much as you want up to an hour I believe that's how long it lasts.
Rev. David (he/him): So, like i'm looking for 30 seconds and then describing for 30 seconds.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: As you're doing it kind of when you just kind of like can we can you do multiple What about a flock can you can you scout multiple at the same time, multiple animals.
Rev. David (he/him): seems confusing.
Rev. David (he/him): I don't think so.
Eric Rosenbaum: What when.
Rev. David (he/him): it's not so much that i'm using them as they're letting me see through their eyes.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think I can control where.
Rev. David (he/him): I can suggest.
Rev. David (he/him): How about how about the fourth thing that's being built.
Timothy Sackton: yeah so it's.
Timothy Sackton: It almost looks like.
Timothy Sackton: You know somebody.
Timothy Sackton: dropped some noodles on a plate, and then everywhere where a noodle stuck out from the Center they just built a wall basically it's like um it's almost like a spider web of construction like there's.
Timothy Sackton: You know there's there's like a little wall that'll that'll you know go out like you know, like that.
Timothy Sackton: i'm like that, and then you know, there will be i'm doing a very bad job drawing but, but you got the the basic idea is there's like um.
Timothy Sackton: You know it's just it's very like webbie.
Timothy Sackton: mass of construction almost like somebody trying to recreate like a cave complex or something like that, and then parts of it are moved over.
Timothy Sackton: The central area is open there's like almost like a parade ground, you can see that there's some orcs training there um you know there's there's pits on the outside, where there's animals roasting.
Timothy Sackton: there's.
Timothy Sackton: yeah What else do you want to now I mean that's basically the your impression, but again it's like less than 100 or for sure.
Rev. David (he/him): Are there signs are like sizzles the same that we saw before.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, you see a.
Timothy Sackton: There is a flag with this screaming face motif and below at the rising sun o'keefe.
Rev. David (he/him): Is there any that area to.
Timothy Sackton: be common around the four.
Rev. David (he/him): Is there any area within it that suggests like commanders quarters, or like barracks or.
Rev. David (he/him): wizards.
Rev. David (he/him): tower or something I.
Timothy Sackton: don't want to get too close because you, I mean the Hawk refuses to get too close, because there are, you can see, with its key insight that there are.
Timothy Sackton: With bows mounted on the walls and your sense from the Hawk is that they shoot birds and eat them.
Timothy Sackton: So he won't get the bird you're writing in won't get very close to the floor, but still with a Hawk eyesight you have good eyesight um.
Timothy Sackton: yeah there's there's definitely you know some of the enclosed areas that seem like.
Timothy Sackton: yeah it's it's it's hard to judge, but there's I mean you can pick out like three or four kind of enclosed spaces that seemed to have.
Timothy Sackton: You know guards posted or you know people kind of milling about that would suggest that they are somewhat more important than just the common spaces.
Timothy Sackton: Whether those are treasuries or weapons stores or commanders quarters, it is a little bit hard to judge, but there's definitely like four four spaces, where you can see guards posted.
Timothy Sackton: And all enclosed so all sort of in these often there will be so like in these webbing webbie things that go out there was a roof, on top of that, and then there will be guards posted in front so it's almost like a like a room that extends off the side of the floor.
Mike Sackton: yeah falling asleep yeah.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Did you look at the minister.
Timothy Sackton: OK, so the monastery the monastery is a complex of five buildings.
Timothy Sackton: All of which seems surprisingly like significantly more intact and the city of Carson itself i'm.
Timothy Sackton: The i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Probably most the largest building is so there's two kind of smaller like two three storey buildings.
Timothy Sackton: Without any particularly like fancy.
Timothy Sackton: decorations and all I you know what before we play next time i'll make you a map of the monastery as well and throw that up until 20 um.
well.
Timothy Sackton: There are.
Timothy Sackton: And that so there's two there, maybe dormitories living space kind of just playing ish buildings i'm.
Timothy Sackton: In the sort of north east corner.
Timothy Sackton: Then, on the West side kind of kind of a little bit overlooking the River valley um you can see a.
Timothy Sackton: A building that has a cloister so like it's you know.
Timothy Sackton: An open courtyard in the middle, to the south there's a tower attached that extends up five stories.
Timothy Sackton: And then I sort of connected like in this angle, like so.
Timothy Sackton: A wider than right angle there's attached to that another kind of.
Timothy Sackton: Building area, but this seems to be like a you know, a built in with a tower and then cloisters and maybe common space or something you can see paths leading between the presumed dormitories and the entrance to this building.
Timothy Sackton: And then to the south of that there is a what looks like a temple so it has the same sort of facade as the.
Timothy Sackton: The temple of show couldn't the same style of architecture.
Timothy Sackton: And it it then.
Timothy Sackton: There is a car guard in the middle of that as well in the middle of that and i'm sort of to the right sort of East of the temple and south of the dormitories.
Timothy Sackton: there's a building that has another tower maybe again like three, four or five stories tall that's connected by a passage way to a.
Timothy Sackton: To a like a square building all of these buildings are sort of stands down architecture, the dormitories are really relatively playing, but this square building has.
Timothy Sackton: Just running all the way up the was, like all over at these.
Timothy Sackton: carvings these like delicate motifs of just scenes of life right, so there will be, you know people riding horses, or you know mother nursing a child or you know, an old man reading something just smith's you know people lots of people riding horses i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Just covering this entire sides of this building these motifs.
Timothy Sackton: And that, in the Center of this all there is a fountain flowing everything all the architecture is like smooth flowing like no square edges, no.
Timothy Sackton: hard.
Timothy Sackton: facets everything looks like sort of waterfalls looks like you know flowing water looks like um.
Timothy Sackton: You know and and the fountain itself is sort of built around a representation of a beach and the water flows down from her cheeks to form the fountain.
Timothy Sackton: And it's still there is water still flowing in this fountain flowing down from her cheeks collecting at the bottom of the sort of waterfall of stone pooling there.
Timothy Sackton: There must be some mechanism that recycles the water, because it keeps flowing in a circle.
Timothy Sackton: And that's in the Center of that of days, that is sort of off these four buildings.
Timothy Sackton: From this distance and at this time of day, you see nothing moving in the monastery.
Rev. David (he/him): I think I hear you saying that doesn't look like it's looted or destroyed or.
Timothy Sackton: It looks.
Timothy Sackton: It may be looted inside but the buildings are much in much better shape than the.
Timothy Sackton: than the city of Carson which which, in addition to presumably having been looted for treasure has been looted for the raw stone, it was built from this monastery has not done.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Now.
Timothy Sackton: Possibly it's because it's just further away from the city for the fort and so it's less convenient possibly for some other reason.
Timothy Sackton: And of course it's not just the orcs building this Fort who've looted the city of Carson there must have been other people in times past who have card it's done away for the amount of destruction that you see.
Timothy Sackton: So this feels like a good place to stop.
Timothy Sackton: um we can.
Timothy Sackton: revisit the map and any additional questions you have when we start next time, but I will.
Timothy Sackton: throw up a map of the monastery.
Rev. David (he/him): Between now and next time we play and i'll put these details in the session notes, can we say, for the sake of argument that will be sketches out at least like a basic map of the city like big points of interests me yeah it's kind of a thing yeah.
Timothy Sackton: I don't have.
Rev. David (he/him): Any minute us, but right.
Timothy Sackton: I don't have the city mapped in as much detail so i'm not going to make players version of the map for you, but if you go into the city will assume you have a map that you can I mean it's like you have the rough monuments mark down on this map.
Eric Rosenbaum: This hoc scouting to as.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, as hell.
Rev. David (he/him): Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's pretty amazing just seem to encounter such like a big public landscape to and it's like to be able to like look at everything.
You know, like a massive.
Eric Rosenbaum: Have you seen that influences about let's look at.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Eric your your audio is kind of weird, by the way, it's hard to hear you what you're saying.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: hey it's like a weird ECHO as we're going is muffled sounding started hearing.
Eric Rosenbaum: check one two.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's a little better.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Better and have you seen that video of the drone like there's a 92nd shorts you should do that with a Hawk you should like get the Hawk to like fly into the temple and like do the whole you know.
Timothy Sackton: Well yeah not he doesn't he doesn't have like remote control of the Hawk right he just suggest to the Hawk Oh, can you go fly over there they're not going to change this behavior dramatically from what it normally would, which means you're not going to be able to fly through buildings.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, at this level of power.
Timothy Sackton: But like yes, maybe.
Timothy Sackton: that's good.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Time Labor control like like flock of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right like you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's awesome.